Abdul Nagur Ali Khan Mohammad: Hey, hi, Ramakrishna, good morning.
Abdul Nagur Ali Khan Mohammad: Hi, Al, good morning.
Ramakrishna T: Well, hi, good morning, everyone. Good morning, Abdul.
Mihir Pattanaik: Good morning.
Rahul Surana: name.
Subha Palanivelu: Good morning.
Amit Kharod: Good morning, everyone.
Vivek Vishwakarma: Morning, everyone.
Nitin Srivastava: Good morning, Rama. Good morning, everyone.
Manish Gangarekar: So Rama, can you tell us how to create a .env file, for that, Hugging Face key?
Ramakrishna T: Kingfish key? Yeah, yeah, sure, yeah.
Abhinav Singh: So, Lama, do we have any pre-recordment for this session? I think I missed something.
Ramakrishna T: Last week, you didn't attend?
Abhinav Singh: I attended, but I think I missed something.
Ramakrishna T: Okay.
Ramakrishna T: Rama, I agree.
Abhishek Srivastava: The only requirement we had was to get an Hugging Face key, right?
Ramakrishna T: Right, right.
Abhishek Srivastava: Everything. Okay.
Abhinav Singh: Okay.
Ramakrishna T: Let's, start okay.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, I think just for the… Hugging for your side, right?
Ramakrishna T: you would be able to see Huggingfish.co.
Ramakrishna T: Okay.
Ramakrishna T: Then… You need to go here.
Ramakrishna T: And There's a login page, so once you log in.
Ramakrishna T: You would see your profile, all these things, right?
Ramakrishna T: So then, there is a… Settings, it should be there. So, just go to your profile.
Ramakrishna T: Then Settings.
Ramakrishna T: Then we have… Here, the left side, you see… Billing-related, access tokens, whatnot, right?
Ramakrishna T: Then go to access tokens, then yes, yeah, you can create a new token here, something like this.
Ramakrishna T: So… You just click everything, probably that's not a problem.
Ramakrishna T: So, and then you just create a token name with whatever, like, maybe any name conversion, so…
Ramakrishna T: So, sample token… Example, then… Once you click all these things, then create token. That's it.
Ramakrishna T: Then, there will be a token.
Abdul Nagur Ali Khan Mohammad: So here, what I did was, instead of selecting all these tick boxes at the top, beside Fine Grained, we have,
Abdul Nagur Ali Khan Mohammad: Read, right? I just selected that.
Ramakrishna T: And then give a token name, and then hit create.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, that's, that's fine, but, only thing is, when you click everything, then usually you'll have all the access for that particular token. You can do whatever. So if, let's say, some, if you're accessing some data.
Ramakrishna T: Right? If you're not granting this, then that token will not be working.
Abdul Nagur Ali Khan Mohammad: Oh, okay, okay, okay.
Ramakrishna T: Like that. And also, if you have, like, some kind of, some quota will be there, so spaces and all. So, the Agingface also provides a platform.
Ramakrishna T: which you can get the GPU and some of the proprietary models, then this is a building section. So…
Abdul Nagur Ali Khan Mohammad: When you go to…
Ramakrishna T: Billing, there will be a billing also.
Nitin Srivastava: Raman, your voice is too low. Can you please set the mic?
Ramakrishna T: Yeah. Is it okay now?
Abdul Nagur Ali Khan Mohammad: Yeah.
Gaurav Tiwari: Rama, just one, you know, clarity. Why do we need this token? Probably everybody…
Abdul Nagur Ali Khan Mohammad: It's goodness.
Gaurav Tiwari: maybe aware, but I'm not.
Ramakrishna T: Okay, so this, this is, like, let's say, example, like, let's say you want to access some of the models, like, there, there are, you see, almost 2.6 million models are there here in the Hugging Face. Hugging Face is, like,
Ramakrishna T: It's a website where it hosts all the open source models.
Ramakrishna T: Okay? So, like, how, you can think of, like, in a,
Ramakrishna T: any open source platform, like, for AI models also, there's a… this open source, like, Hugging Face came up with a platform where, every model is, like, hosted in this particular Hugging Face. So, let's say if you want to work with, let's say, Quin 3, example, this is from Chinese model, so image text-to-text.
Ramakrishna T: Right? And then, if you want to use in your notebook.
Ramakrishna T: Right? So, you can see there is a notebook also they will provide.
Ramakrishna T: So, if I open some simply, like, collab, this notebook, so, you see, you need to provide some of… sometimes there is a key also here. See, there's a token.
Ramakrishna T: So, to download this model, and use this model. Basically, you…
Ramakrishna T: You need to specify your token from the Hugging Face so that, this is just for an authentication purpose for them.
Gaurav Tiwari: Okay.
Ramakrishna T: Okay? So… so that you can use these models seamlessly, without any problem.
Gaurav Tiwari: Otherwise, without this token, you cannot download these models.
Gaurav Tiwari: Okay, one follow-up question. So, the assignment which we have for week 6, right? We'll be needing to work through these, steps, which you have mentioned, right? Token, loading the transformers. So, will you be going through any of the working exercise that we can utilize to, you know, refer for our,
Gaurav Tiwari: Graded sessions, graded, assignment.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, I need to see that, actually, so maybe…
Gaurav Tiwari: I can walk you through maybe tomorrow, if you don't mind, yeah? Because I need to see that, what is the assignment, and then see that, actually, yeah. I think maybe Hugging Face set off and all.
Ramakrishna T: There was a… Things that I will prepare and come, yeah? The notebooks.
Gaurav Tiwari: Thank you.
Ramakrishna T: Wisdom.
Subha Palanivelu: And, one more question, like, we can create multiple tokens, right? Or is it only one?
Ramakrishna T: No, you can give as many tokens as you want.
Ramakrishna T: So, some tokens, like, maybe billing purpose, some tokens may be, probably maybe just for reading, so… or writing. So, you can also create your own models also here. So, creating your own model, like, you can also upload your model. So, for that also, you need to create some tokens there.
Ramakrishna T: Right? So, like this, like, you can create, like, I… if you see, even mine, right? So, I have, a lot of, probably, you know, I think,
Ramakrishna T: One minute. So, you see, I also have some 2-3 tokens, actually.
Abdul Nagur Ali Khan Mohammad: So, for now…
Ramakrishna T: as well.
Abdul Nagur Ali Khan Mohammad: So, for now, when we create a token, what all checkboxes should we select?
Ramakrishna T: That's okay.
Abdul Nagur Ali Khan Mohammad: collect everything, everything that we see.
Ramakrishna T: Because you would not know, right? So, sometimes, like, we…
Ramakrishna T: We do not know, so better you select everything, I would say.
Abdul Nagur Ali Khan Mohammad: And then, create a token.
Abdul Nagur Ali Khan Mohammad: Sure, sure, thanks.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah.
Ramakrishna T: Okay, so that's all, and anything else we have here?
Sanjay Khandelwal: Lama, one question. When I download these models from Hugging Face and use the authentication to operate on them, or use them, am I then using them locally on my system, or are they still operating via internet?
Ramakrishna T: No, no, it's a internet only. Whenever you want to download from here, right? So this requires an internet.
Sanjay Khandelwal: No, once I've downloaded, then I'm operating on this model locally, right, on my system.
Ramakrishna T: No, actually, what happens is, yeah, for that session, yes, it will be there, but, like, once you log out and, maybe… this, this stores usually in a cached memory.
Ramakrishna T: Okay? So, it is not storing in your hard disk. So, hence, when your systems are shut down, or some… sometimes it happens. So, again, you have to run this. So…
Ramakrishna T: So probably, like, but you can download to your hard disk if you want, that is also there, that option. So you can download, and then that can be done, like, but only thing is, I won't recommend you to download, because this, every model comes with, like, you know, 370 billion parameters, right?
Sanjay Khandelwal: If you're just…
Ramakrishna T: see this, probably, the… it will have, like, maybe at least minimum 2-3 GBs, or even 15 GB, sometimes even 30 GB.
Ramakrishna T: As well. Okay. Right?
Ramakrishna T: So, for every model, we can't download and then keep it in our hard disk, which is not recommended.
Ramakrishna T: But if you feel like, yeah, this model is basically… I'm using every time, I don't want to download all the time, like, yeah. So that time, yeah, if you are only working with only one model, then I'm good, you can download that.
Sanjay Khandelwal: Okay, no, because my question was related to when do I pay? If it is downloaded locally, then of course, then I'm just using it, but when do I… when am I required to pay Hugging Face?
Ramakrishna T: pay. Okay, usually, no one pays to the Hugging Face, but yeah, only things is, like, Hugging Face also provides some GPU and some of the infrastructure. Like, you feel like if you don't have a GPU, probably that is the way that Hugging Face,
Ramakrishna T: Usually pro- provides that platform where you can, run seamlessly.
Ramakrishna T: Okay.
Sanjay Khandelwal: So…
Ramakrishna T: That is the one thing, you should ask, understand. But, only thing is.
Ramakrishna T: Usually, we, from a personal perspective, I think we, we normally don't pay, but few companies, like a startup companies, not a very, very big companies, because Hugging Fastly is a little, comes with, you know, a little good price.
Ramakrishna T: So, hence the smaller companies, usually they have a tie-up with Hugging Face, and so that they can run their models also into their platform.
Sanjay Khandelwal: Got it. For infra, you pay whenever, if you need it.
Ramakrishna T: Yes, yes, exactly.
Sanjay Khandelwal: 20.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah.
Ramakrishna T: For enterprise level, also, they will give.
Sanjay Khandelwal: Okay.
Manish Gangarekar: How to save this key as an environment variable? Just tell us, please.
Ramakrishna T: Lee?
Manish Gangarekar: How to save this, token key as an environment variable?
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, you can create, any, .json or, probably the, any .txt, and then you can load through OS library.
Ramakrishna T: So you can…
Manish Gangarekar: We are not that familiar with Python.
Manish Gangarekar: Get new guidance?
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, the code you want.
Manish Gangarekar: Yes.
Ramakrishna T: The code, yeah, we can, I can give you, that's not a problem, yeah.
Ramakrishna T: I'll give you something there, okay?
Abhinav Singh: So, Rama, we created the token, but what next needs to be done here?
Ramakrishna T: So, I, I gave you, right? So, you need to, let's say this is the workbook, right? So, let's say if you are working on to this model, example, 20.5, so, and then you just need to put this, your token here, if, in order to work your code here, in this example.
Ramakrishna T: Then, based on that, it will download this model into the current environment, and then you can do whatever you want here.
Ramakrishna T: Right?
Kiran Kumar Reddy C: So… I'm not able to create token here, the button is disabled.
Ramakrishna T: Why it is disabled?
Kiran Kumar Reddy C: Yeah, it is telling,
Kishlay Kumar: You need to confirm yourself, there will be an email you would have received.
Gaurav Tiwari: Yep.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, verification you should do.
Kiran Kumar Reddy C: Yeah, I've done it, I think, okay, I will re-log in.
Ramakrishna T: Okay?
Ramakrishna T: Okay, there…
Sankalp Sughosh: No, you have to… you have to re-login.
Kiran Kumar Reddy C: Just be logging out.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, you need to verify it.
Kiran Kumar Reddy C: I've verified it, but it is not reflecting. I think I have to re-login personally.
Ravi Pitla: Rama, is it, ging phase is, is just about the models, to test, I mean, you utilize others' models,
Ravi Pitla: Through the, I mean, through the APA calls, and, I mean… Are…
Ravi Pitla: What else about the dataset and the spaces?
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, dataset's also there, in the hugging phase.
Ramakrishna T: Right? So…
Ravi Pitla: Yep.
Ramakrishna T: Not just only models there. They have a lot many things, actually, all the open source data sets also there.
Ramakrishna T: So… If you see here, right?
Ravi Pitla: So, how can we make use of these datasets and the spaces, Rama? So.
Ravi Pitla: I'm actually… the spaces is a very new thing, but I was, yeah.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, so, you see, the data sets here?
Ravi Pitla: Yeah.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah.
Ramakrishna T: So, go to datasets, let's say you have some, this is basically a… Oh.
Ramakrishna T: some, some datasets, we, there are a lot of datasets, even I don't know some, some datasets, but yeah. So, this dataset is probably, high-quality fine-tuning datasets. So, what is the fine-tuning which, we need to see, actually? So, don't, just download, because there could… these are, like, open source, right? You need, just need
Ramakrishna T: whatever is there. Let's say…
Ramakrishna T: So, some, some related to, let's say, open research datasets.
Ramakrishna T: Okay.
Ramakrishna T: So, this is the datasets. You can see these are the files.
Ramakrishna T: If you want to download here, there are, like, a lot of datasets in every folder that they have.
Ramakrishna T: And you can… Download this, actually.
Ramakrishna T: use this dataset. You can see.
Ramakrishna T: Datasets.
Ramakrishna T: So this is the code. You need to go there.
HETAL THAKKAR: Ram, I'm one step back.
HETAL THAKKAR: I'm trying to create a new access token.
HETAL THAKKAR: What they're saying, repositories, interface, I need to check all that, or…
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, but, like, you… if you are very clear on the requirement, then you can check whatever you want, but I would recommend you… you check everything.
Ravi Pitla: I think, there is another tab, like read and write, so I think write is,
Ravi Pitla: Making most of the use cases, yeah.
HETAL THAKKAR: There you go. If you take the right…
Ravi Pitla: To write accessible token, yeah.
Gaurav Tiwari: So, Rama, I think, you know, everybody's…
Gaurav Tiwari: maybe, you know, not very familiar with the Python code, which is, you know, called out when we are, you know, bringing in a transformer. So, going through that working exercise, you know, line by line, I know we will have to reserve some time for that, will really help us, because, you know, this is… a lot of things, you know, look, like, very alien, specifically to me.
Gaurav Tiwari: So, please help us with, you know, walking through a proper code, how we are calling out transformers, you know, loading them into the library.
Gaurav Tiwari: And then running the exercise. This will help.
Ramakrishna T: Okay, okay. So, yeah, sure, I'll take a tomorrow on the… some few minute session on this.
Ramakrishna T: I just wanted to see, like, what is your exercise, actually?
Ramakrishna T: Okay, so let's start today's, session. So, are you familiar… are you… do you… did you understand, like, completely on the LLMs, and then, RNN LHCMs? We… we discussed on the transformers, like, last time, the encoder and decoder, so did you go through the link that I forwarded the last time?
Gaurav Tiwari: Yep.
Ramakrishna T: The blogs as well, yeah.
Ramakrishna T: Okay, so today, I would,
Ramakrishna T: see, there's, like, we'll… I'll go to, like, a kind of deep dive into the embeddings and then whatnot, right?
Ramakrishna T: So, yeah.
Ramakrishna T: Any questions before we go there?
HETAL THAKKAR: So the code token is created, how… what after that? Sorry, I'm, like, lagging behind.
Ramakrishna T: Which token?
Ramakrishna T: Hugging fist?
HETAL THAKKAR: Yeah.
Ramakrishna T: No, we will talk tomorrow, okay? So, I think I'll take you some exercise on the rugging face. That's okay.
HETAL THAKKAR: Thanks. Yeah.
Ramakrishna T: Okay.
Ramakrishna T: So, let's talk through, some of the… Things.
Ramakrishna T: Any…
Rajesh Shankaranarayana: Questions before we deep dive.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah.
Rajesh Shankaranarayana: Rama, one question. With multiple layers of encoding.
Rajesh Shankaranarayana: will we lose the sanity of the initial encoder to the final encoder? How does that work, actually? Because, let's say you have… you had the example where you said you have three, I mean, words, right? I am happy, and then that made it into one encoder one.
Rajesh Shankaranarayana: from encoder 1 to encoder 2, how does that get further split, Ram? I couldn't understand that part, actually.
Ramakrishna T: Okay, okay, we'll talk there.
Rajesh Shankaranarayana: Sure, okay.
Ramakrishna T: Okay. So, you're saying why we require to have multiple encoders?
Rajesh Shankaranarayana: Got it.
Ramakrishna T: Same time, what is it,
Ramakrishna T: Actually passing, and then how does it understand?
Rajesh Shankaranarayana: What's the… what's the additional value that we get as we move upwards, or multiple levels of encoding, yeah?
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, yeah, yeah. We'll… we'll talk, okay? I think I'll… I started a journey towards,
Ramakrishna T: you know, where we started, Documentromatrics at the Bag of Words. You remember Bag of Words? All of you?
Nitin Srivastava: Yes, yes.
Abdul Nagur Ali Khan Mohammad: Yes, yes, yeah.
Ramakrishna T: So, yeah, so, in a way, what we tried to say is, you know, the,
Ramakrishna T: the bag of words, right? So, let's say, I love eating, example.
Ramakrishna T: Right? So then, we will break down this into a single, single word in each sentence, and then, you know, I also gave you, like, a sentence 1, sentence 2, sentence 3, and then, like, I just created one matrix, if you remember, right? All the unique words, like, I, love.
Ramakrishna T: Eat.
Ramakrishna T: Right? Then maybe, some other words, like, all these different, different millions of words in the sentence. Then for the sentence 1, sentence 2, sentence 3, we put every sentence into…
Ramakrishna T: a matrix form, like 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 1, something, right? So, some, some, like this. This is a bag of words, actually, right? So, bag of words is, like, a number of, each word that, how is it appearing and all whatnot, right? So then.
Ramakrishna T: This is a… this matrix is called a document room matrix.
Ramakrishna T: Right? So, document, term matrix, or term document matrix, so don't confuse between these both. This is just a transpose of whatever the matrix talks about. So, document means, the… all the… we call it every, sentence as basically a document in the natural language.
Ramakrishna T: So, like, because this is… this sentence is one document, the second sentence is one document, third sentence is one document, or probably within a document also, you can have multiple sentences, but still, this is, in the terminology-wise, the rows are becoming your documents, and then these are the words or the terms, right? So, hence, it is also called as a term document matrix, or a document term matrix.
Ramakrishna T: So, this is a technical term, so…
Ramakrishna T: You understood till now, right? So this is… basically captures the… either the, frequency, or just a count, whether it is… just appeared or not.
Ramakrishna T: Right? So then, this is, bag of words, which is actually a term document. But we, we have seen this, this, this is a problem with this matrix, because it doesn't capture anything on the semantic or, contextual representation, it just represents the frequency of these, words only, right? So, hence, we are going more towards the, you know, the next, like, we need to have a one…
Ramakrishna T: representation for every word, right? Not a, like, this word, if you talk, I, is a representation of many, many words. You see, many, many, numbers. So, and similarly, love also, if you see, this term is represented by the many numerical representation, but this, this is not actually meaningful for us.
Ramakrishna T: But, like, let's say, think of…
Ramakrishna T: you have a lot of internet data, for sure, right? So, internet data is, like, yeah, you have a lot of Wikipedia pages, a lot of, corpus, a lot is available. So, what they started is in 2012-13 era, so they started, kind of, like, why can't we use the internet data and then try and, at least a model to understand, like, how the words are linked, how the words are similar, how the words are dissimilar, right? So, this is where
Ramakrishna T: The concept of a Word2VIC
Ramakrishna T: Word2VEC, basically. So, word, every word, now we need to represent as a vector. That vector is actually called as an embeddings.
Ramakrishna T: Right? So… Embeddings means, like, you are representing a word, basically, into a numerical representation.
Ramakrishna T: Okay? So, in the numerical representation, which… it can be understood, like, semantically, and it is representing a semantic along with a contextual. So, this is what is an embedding means.
Ramakrishna T: So, embedding is nothing but it's a numerical representation of any word. So, you can have word embeddings, you can have a sentence embeddings, or you can have even paragraph embeddings as well. So, embeddings is not just only words. Okay, let's say I am going… I said, I love eating pizzas.
Ramakrishna T: Okay? So this sentence, or I love, Eating… fruit.
Ramakrishna T: Alright? So, this is… both are different statements. So now, if I'm trying to understand this sentence.
Ramakrishna T: is to be a sum representation of the number, and this also represents some other number. These are, like, not very, very similar, right? So, hence, you need to have a… not just word-level embeddings, but this is called as a sentence-level embedding. So, sentence, every sentence is represented into your numbers, like, maybe 0.5, 0.2,
Ramakrishna T: minus 0.1, something like this. So I'm representing a series of numbers Which is…
Ramakrishna T: Representing this sentence, this is called as a sentence embeddings. Similarly, paragraph also. So, you can represent one paragraph, the other paragraphs also represent as a number, that is also paragraph embeddings. So, embeddings are not just, again, don't link to every time word, so, but it can be a sentence-level embeddings, it can be a paragraph-level embeddings, it can be a document-level embeddings also.
Ramakrishna T: So, hence, you have to be clear on the embeddings. People are always confused in the industry, it's like, embeddings are only linked to a word. So now, in the, as I said, word to wake, it started the very initial days. Like, every word, why can't we have a represent as an embeddings? That is where word to wake. So, in the word to wake.
Ramakrishna T: I'm not going too much into maths here, but there are two algorithms proper. The skipgram, Model.
Ramakrishna T: And, continuous bag efforts. SIBO and Skip Gram.
Ramakrishna T: Okay, so what they did is, in this both approach, so you… they took a sentence of every sentence, let's say example, I'll take something…
Ramakrishna T: The same example, I love eating fruits, okay? So what, what in Skipgram, they did is.
Ramakrishna T: So, from a given word, like, let's say I,
Ramakrishna T: Now, I will try to find the relation to predict.
Ramakrishna T: Love. Neighborhoods. Eating.
Ramakrishna T: Similarly, for allow, this is becomes your X, and this becomes Y.
Ramakrishna T: Okay, love, I, and eating.
Ramakrishna T: And similarly for eating, Low?
Ramakrishna T: And fruits.
Ramakrishna T: Neighborhoods, basically.
Ramakrishna T: So this becomes, your… Training data. Like this, they put it from all Wikipedia's pages.
Ramakrishna T: And all the internet data, usually, not everything, but yeah, they have taken specific, like, you can go through a Google, and then how Skip Gum is trained, you will get it, which documents and all, but I'm just referring, like, a few Wikipedia pages they've taken, and then they trained the open source data, they prepared the training data like this.
Ramakrishna T: After cleaning some of the, stop words, whatnot, right? Then.
Ramakrishna T: This becomes a training data, and from here, using a one… two-layer hidden neural networks, so two-layer means one hidden layer is with
Ramakrishna T: Simple then, then output layer.
Ramakrishna T: Okay, and then there's an… this goes to… as an input, X and Y. And then, they trained a model.
Ramakrishna T: So, what is the… this model is, actually, it tries to, after this, what it gave is, for every word in this entire corpus.
Ramakrishna T: Right? For every word.
Ramakrishna T: In the entire cops, like, millions of watts.
Ramakrishna T: Right? So then, it gives us a representation of the vectors.
Ramakrishna T: It gave us a… Representation, simple.
Ramakrishna T: Some numbers it came, which is… Probably a… 512 vector link.
Ramakrishna T: I'm just giving. It could be a… it can be customizable.
Ramakrishna T: But, just… so, this is a length of 512 vector for every word, like, 0.5, 0.2, 0.1, all this it came, different, different things.
Ramakrishna T: So, this is what is the output of a word-to-wick model. So, for every word, because it is trained in a way to predict
Ramakrishna T: this, given, like, similar, given surrounding words. They have customized in this also, they have put, like, maybe, this is, example, think of like this, okay? So, they put a vector, maybe window.
Ramakrishna T: Kind of, only 3-word window.
Ramakrishna T: sometimes they increased the 4-window also, 5 window also, so then they have become like a training data, like, I, Lao eating is the 3-word window. But if I put the same I, if it is a 4-word, then love eating fruits also.
Ramakrishna T: Right? So, like this, they're trying with different, different window sizes as well.
Ramakrishna T: And from there, this model came out to be, for every word, you will have a vector.
Gaurav Tiwari: Rama, you're saying that this model, this, this every word, the whole set is based on millions of words that have been, you know, used from the internet? Yes. And then now they have a defined vector for each of these words, which are lying there on the net. Okay.
Ramakrishna T: Yes.
Ramakrishna T: So, for every word in the internet, now it has seen the model, like, because I know surrounding words for me, Wikipedia, right? Or maybe any other books.
Ramakrishna T: So, I know this high is used in which phrases and all, I know. So, based on that, the model vectors are constructed in a way to represent this word, basically.
Ramakrishna T: So, now similarly for allow, also for the other words also. So, if I go back to…
Ramakrishna T: This, this is, a scriptgram and a continuous bag of words. So, continuous bag of words is like a… I'll tell you, just a reverse. The scriptgram is trying to, knowing this is XY, but continuous bag of words is, like, knowing this, they reversed it. Instead of Y, they assume this is an X.
Ramakrishna T: From the surrounding words, now I'll predict the root word. Simple. Right? That is a continuous bag of words. Skipgram is, from the root word, I will predict the…
Ramakrishna T: Surrounding words. Just a reverse they did it. See, skip gram to continuous backup forces, like, instead of EX,
Ramakrishna T: they… they did reverse, actually, Y, and then Y to X, then they trained it, the model. So, both approaches are having some advantage, some disadvantage, because how they've used XY to YX, so there will be, like, it doesn't matter for us, like, in the mathematics, but, so, just assume that, the both approaches, what it has given at the end is.
Ramakrishna T: for every word, it has given us a numerical representation of the words. Simple as, as simple as that. So now, these vectors, if you, ask, like, in your model, like, basically, if, like, I'm trying to build a kind of, you know, word similarity, this, this, let's say, I am trying to predict, I'm trying to detect whether is there any name in my sentence, name entity recognition, if you know. These kind of applications,
Ramakrishna T: is easy to build with the name, with this word to wake. Because now, words are understood in a way that, because from the internet, it has seen, like, how the words are, like, talked, how the words are, like, spread across, and the neighbor words, how they are there for this word. But it does not know the meanings of the context. But it is only knowing the surrounding words, only few window only, not every window, like, a 500-word…
Ramakrishna T: length, if you have a sentence, but it knows only the neighbor 2-3 words, not max beyond that. Because it will become a huge data, huge data, the model will not train that way.
Ramakrishna T: Alright? So, hence,
Ramakrishna T: the window size they have taken is, like, a 2 or a 3 maximum, or a 5, not beyond. So, because the model… the data will become much, much bigger, and then training also is difficult. So, hence, what they did is, they just took a window size of 5, and then they considered this model as trained, and then, this is how, in 2012-13 this Word2VIC came into existence.
Ramakrishna T: So let's see how, like, this, this, stored a library called Gensim.
Ramakrishna T: So, if you see in, Python, Gensim library, which has this, word, every word there is an, the vectors are stored in this library, and then they have open-sourced it. So, let's see in the practical how is it attached.
HETAL THAKKAR: Rama, one basic question. So, these are stored by reading the data from the internet, and these are… these… is the same vectors used for predicting purposes also. Like, if I have to rephrase a sentence.
HETAL THAKKAR: This is the same data source they will use to…
HETAL THAKKAR: Predict the rephrase of a particular sentence, for example.
HETAL THAKKAR: Does that make sense, or am I on the right track?
Ramakrishna T: No, yeah, Hithal, actually, so I'll tell you, Hatal, so, this is only word level. Like, sentence level, we didn't reach till now.
Ramakrishna T: Only word level, like, every word you can represent as a number. But sentence level, you can construct from a, maybe, by any means, actually. So, let's say I love eating is a sentence, now I can take the, average of all these words, and then they came with the sentence-level embeddings.
Ramakrishna T: One, one representation.
Ramakrishna T: So, the how you take, it's up to you. But sentence level, they skipgram and contains bag of words, they did not define, like, in the, in the research paper or in the publications, they did not come out to be, like, the sentence-level embeddings means, these are the how you need to construct. But the how, after that, researchers have thought it is, like, maybe if you have, I love eating, then they took just an average of all these words, and then constructed,
Ramakrishna T: one vector for that particular sentence. But that may not carry, again, the entire sentence, because there's
Ramakrishna T: Because it is constructed only neighbor… few words, right? Not the every sentence… every word is not looked into when we are collecting in sentence embeddings. So, hence, for sentence embeddings, this is not popular. Only word embeddings, this method is popular.
Kishlay Kumar: So, basically, it is used just for predicting the next word, right? Because it has a…
Ramakrishna T: predicting next to word, nothing. It is just a root word.
Ramakrishna T: Predicting the root word. Root word means, from the neighbor words, it is predicting the root word.
Kishlay Kumar: Okay, and what would be a use case for it?
Ramakrishna T: The use case is, like, if you want to find the, similar words in your corpus, or a similar document similarity, or maybe, you know, the, I, I talk about, like, world-to-wake, maybe applications, if I talk about, right, in the internet. So, you will have a name entity recognition, let me talk about it, right? So, yeah.
Ramakrishna T: just, give me its 2 minutes, actually. So, I will, find some applications for you.
Ramakrishna T: Okay, let me share the… Bish.
Nitin Srivastava: Rama also sent a Uday Jatinja, what we have…
Nitin Srivastava: I have to cover today… in today's session.
Ramakrishna T: Really?
Ramakrishna T: Very interesting.
Nitin Srivastava: Yes, yes.
Ramakrishna T: Recession, what are we going to cover? Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, the embeddings and then vectors.
Ramakrishna T: Basics we are covering today, okay? So, I have, the notebook you're able to see?
Nitin Srivastava: Yes, sir.
Vivek Vishwakarma: Yes, sir.
Ramakrishna T: Okay, so I… you can install Gensim library, okay? So Gensim is the library where we can, install the, Word2Vec, all vector size store, right? So, let's say, in this Gensim, there is a vector database called GLOW, right? So, GLOW is, again, after Word2Vec, then there is another model. So you can download, maybe, skipgram models, GLOW, whatnot, right?
Ramakrishna T: For illustration, we don't go to too much mathematics here, because this is already, very old, actually. So now, if just,
Ramakrishna T: For a king, if you want to have a similar words, example. So, for a king, if I'm tracking the most similar words in the corpus that they have trained, you see, prince, queen, I, I, emperor, and son. So, these are the most similar words that they have got for the king.
Ramakrishna T: Okay, so I also took an access to, you know, just to see how, like, for a king, how, like, in a graphical, if I represent, right? So, these are the, nearby words for the king, you see?
Ramakrishna T: For King, the most neighborhoods is, Prince, you see, and then Queen also, and then name.
Ramakrishna T: It means, in a corpus, they have trained. The king is mostly related, like, neighborhoods, if you see, prince, it came, queen, it came.
Ramakrishna T: And ruler it came, Thrawn, monarch, right? And then Lord, name,
Ramakrishna T: reign, the emperor, right, so all these, it has come. So this is why, you see, these are, like, mostly similar words in the data that they have trained. When you say trained, again, just think of, these are the neighbor words, as simple as that.
Ramakrishna T: Is it clear?
Ramakrishna T: And similarly, you see, the next, for a king, it is very, you know, these are very nearby words in their corpus for the king. You can see, most similar, if you're top 5 similar is, like, that's how it came, right? But now, if you see the son, brother, nephew.
Ramakrishna T: Grandson, elder, father, all these are, like, mostly related words you can think of like this.
Ramakrishna T: And, I also, let's say, word drama, I just give, okay? So then,
Ramakrishna T: For Rama, you see how it came, actually. So, Rama, Ramana, Sita, Lakshmana, Varma, Deva.
Ramakrishna T: Maharaj, Gandhi, Indra, Surya, so all these are, like, god names, basically. Hanuman, Shiva, Krishna, Vishnu, right? So, you can think of, like, now, how, beauty of this, words, right? Earlier in the previous methods.
Ramakrishna T: We just don't know anything on this. Just a bag of words. But this method is much better, because it knows now which word is linked to which word and all, right?
Ramakrishna T: Okay.
Ramakrishna T: Are you clear on this?
Nitin Srivastava: Yes, yes, no.
Ramakrishna T: No?
Ramakrishna T: But don't go into too much mass, because which is not required anyways, so…
Nitin Srivastava: Just a photo.
Ramakrishna T: For the entruster, I'm sharing this. This is visualization also.
Ramakrishna T: Just for your, like, you want me to try anything else?
Ramakrishna T: Any word you want to say?
Sanjay Khandelwal: India…
Ramakrishna T: Yeah.
Ramakrishna T: Just try smaller words, because it is only… it takes only the…
Ramakrishna T: I think India is already there, I guess. I just write.
Kiran Kumar Reddy C: This link is shared here, this one, the TikTok.
Ramakrishna T: In the… Which link?
Ramakrishna T: pure.
Kiran Kumar Reddy C: Yes, the one in which you want to try it out, yeah.
Ramakrishna T: No, no, this is a code, actually. So, this is my account, Google Collect.
Kiran Kumar Reddy C: Okay.
Gaurav Tiwari: Rama, we can run this code in Jupyter Notebook as well?
Ramakrishna T: Yes, yes, why not, yeah, you can… because this doesn't require much memory, so you can run in your local systems also, not in collab as well.
Abhinav Singh: So, this code from where exactly you took this code?
Ramakrishna T: Somewhere?
Abhinav Singh: From where you took this code, like.
Ramakrishna T: This one, this one I generated on my own.
Abhinav Singh: Okay.
Abhinav Singh: But, the same library.
Ramakrishna T: Whatever.
Gaurav Tiwari: Yeah, so Rama, you'll share these, you know, codes so that we can also run in an environment.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Ramakrishna T: Do you want to try now?
Kiran Kumar Reddy C: Yeah, that is what… once we want to try it one.
Nitin Srivastava: Rama, please share the link.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, yeah, probably I will share the notebook for you.
Ramakrishna T: Not easy. Yeah, download it.
Nitin Srivastava: If you send the current link, we can open…
Ramakrishna T: Link, link you can't open, because it's mine.
Nitin Srivastava: And you… if you share this link with the share option.
Ramakrishna T: Oh, Sherry, I need to have all the emails soon, I don't.
Kiran Kumar Reddy C: I mean, you know.
Nitin Srivastava: Okay, okay.
Ramakrishna T: Right.
Amit Kharod: And Rama, where is it going to get implemented? Like, from the implementation purpose, if you think about it, like, how… what exactly will be its implementation? The…
Amit Kharod: The current one that we're doing?
Amit Kharod: bag of wood and other bits of it.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, so you are asking, like, from an application perspective, where will be used?
Amit Kharod: Yes. Great.
Ramakrishna T: So, yeah, I'll come there, okay? So…
Amit Kharod: And I believe this will be the, like, the basic steps to the next model, the advanced models that we use.
Ramakrishna T: Yes, yes. Yeah.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, can you take this course?
Ramakrishna T: I just followed you in the chat.
Abhishek Srivastava: Rama, can you please share the PY thread also, in addition to Jupyter?
Ramakrishna T: Okay, you don't want IPNB?
Abhishek Srivastava: Yes.
Ramakrishna T: Okay, sure, yeah, I will.
Rafi Mohammad: Rama, one quick question. How does these vectors and embeddeds that is trained for the model, how does the storage work? Where does this stored?
Ramakrishna T: They store it, like, wherever you run, right? So it… it stores in the cache at this moment. So it is… it is not… it's just loading it from the internet.
Ramakrishna T: And it is not storing anywhere.
Rafi Mohammad: Yeah, yeah, yeah. The predictions are the word where it is nearby are all predicted. Like, if you're king, there is a nearby words, right? Those are all trained and stored, right?
Ramakrishna T: Right.
Rafi Mohammad: So, is it a DB, vector DB, or somewhere in file system that it stores the model?
Ramakrishna T: In the local system, you're asking?
Rafi Mohammad: No, not in local system, in actual…
Ramakrishna T: Okay, so model, it is stored in Genesis. You can go to internet Genesis search, okay, GenSim. Okay, so this, this has all the vectors, whatever.
Rafi Mohammad: When we train the language model, it will store itself in their,
Rafi Mohammad: Somewhere in… where it can refer, right?
Rafi Mohammad: So, is it, like, VectorDB that it will refer internally?
Ramakrishna T: No, I'll tell you, okay? So, just for information, so all these models, internet, they trained, and they got some vectors, right? So, that vectors.
Ramakrishna T: Now, they… they created the vectors, and then created a library on top of that, and then they… in that library, so if you call this module.api, then load this… the vector database, this is a database of the vectors that they have stored in that particular website library called Gensim.
Ramakrishna T: Okay? So now, when you are importing it, then you need to call, like, whatever the module that you want to call. Just, this is, like, you know, this is… you see Wiki, Wiki PGI, they have trained. So, like this, they have trained in, like, books also. They're trained in something else also. So, right? So, glow books also there. Glow Wiki is also there, like this.
Ramakrishna T: So, you… you can call whatever you want, and then go to website, this website, Genshin website, and then you will see more, vectors, like, some similar like this. So, I'm just calling Glow Wiki year over 50.
Rafi Mohammad: Okay.
Ramakrishna T: So, it's a 50-dimensional, you can think of, like, 50 means, they're trained with, 50, vector size, like I said, right? 5 total vectors, but yeah, these are trained in, you know, 50-dimensional, like, for every word is represented into 50 dimensions.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah.
Ramakrishna T: Anything more? Okay. So, can you try and let me know? And any other words, let's try, if you want.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, India, you see, India is,
Ramakrishna T: You see, the nearby sentences are Indian, Malaysia, Thailand, Nigeria, subcontinent, Bangladesh, Pakistan, country, south, whatnot, right? So, all these are linked, Delhi.
Ramakrishna T: in China, whatnot.
Sankalp Sughosh: Am I gonna try Fox F4X?
Ramakrishna T: FYX, okay.
Ramakrishna T: Just refer, like, small words only, because the model, if you give capital, then the word is not found, it'll say.
Ramakrishna T: It is not intelligently they have written this library, unfortunately.
Sanjay Khandelwal: Rama, one question around what we're discussing. So, you said continuous bag of words, and in a session last Saturday, you had spoken about, bag of words, right? Yeah.
Sanjay Khandelwal: I missed the session on Sunday. If you've already covered it, no need to explain, I'll go through the video, but I just wanted to understand, what is the difference between continuous bag of words and bag of words, or are they the same?
Ramakrishna T: No, no, continuous backupwards is the one that I'm explaining now.
Ramakrishna T: So, continuous backup versus, The…
Ramakrishna T: One that, model is trained on the internet data that it took, and then model is trying to predict from a… given, like, let's say there's a window, 5 window, from the neighbor, the future 2 words, and then previous two words, and then you will try to predict the root word. That is how the model is trained. So that means that
Ramakrishna T: Model is trained in a way that for every training data they've made, first thing, from, like, X and Y, and then from there, it has used a neural network architecture, and then model is trained that. So then, once after that, what it has come is, for every word, there will be a vector representation of the 50-dimensional, 100-dimensional, whatever is there.
Ramakrishna T: Then, this is what is… we are representing. Continuous bag of words is this one. The bag of words is, like, you know, the… just a representation of the count vectors. Like, if the word appears in that particular sentence or not.
Ramakrishna T: Right?
Sanjay Khandelwal: It says the frequency.
Ramakrishna T: Yes, it's just a frequency, exactly.
Sanjay Khandelwal: So that's, like, unidirection, one-dimensional.
Ramakrishna T: Yes.
Sanjay Khandelwal: Okay, okay. It is not a.
Ramakrishna T: One dimension, it is just a 1, 0, 1, 0, 1, 2, like this, it'll come.
Sanjay Khandelwal: Yeah, are you talking about the one hot category system, where in the entire system, there'll just be, like, one…
Ramakrishna T: It is, yeah, it is a kind of one-hot encoding you can think of.
Sanjay Khandelwal: Got it, got it, okay.
Ramakrishna T: That is a bag of words.
Sanjay Khandelwal: Hmm.
Ramakrishna T: This is CBO or skipgram? This is basically concept of Word2VIC. It is not a model. Word2Vic is not a model. Inside of Word2Vic, there are multiple models. The popular is Skip Graham and the condensed bag of words, like, SIBO, we call.
Sanjay Khandelwal: Okay? So, SIBO and Skipgram is, like.
Ramakrishna T: Skipgram is, from the root word, you predict the neighbor words, but in countries where CBO is, like, from the neighbor words, you predict the root word.
Sanjay Khandelwal: Got it, got it, got it.
Ramakrishna T: Right? From there, the model is trained, and then model, like, if you see the vector representation, this, if you see the words,
Ramakrishna T: how it'll come is, like, api.wordphoix, then, you… this is the word, it'll come, actually. So, vectors you'll get for that particular word, so all the words, and then we are dimensional, we are representing into the cluster space, like, two-dimensional space. So, you see, I'm representing into two-dimensional. Usually, it's,
Ramakrishna T: multi-dimensional, right? 50-dimensional, you cannot.
Sanjay Khandelwal: doesn't…
Ramakrishna T: So I'm just densing it, like, into a… using a principal component analysis. That's a statistical method, reducing from 50-dimensional to the two-dimensionals, basically, right? And then, I'm representing here. The fox is,
Ramakrishna T: Is this… these are the words, actually.
Sanjay Khandelwal: It's interesting how it is picked up HBO, Fox News.
Ramakrishna T: Yes.
Sanjay Khandelwal: Maybe Wikipedia, it has come like this.
Ramakrishna T: That's all.
Sanjay Khandelwal: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Amit Kharod: This is also a channel, no? Like, the HBO is related to that channel, and maybe the Fox is also a channel, probably. Yes.
Ramakrishna T: I was expecting Fox meant something else, but yeah, these are good. Actually, channels, yeah.
Ramakrishna T: all the TV broadcast channel, like, whatnot, MTV, you see, shows…
Amit Kharod: It's really more towards, like, the TV channels and all this stuff.
Ramakrishna T: Exactly, yeah.
Ramakrishna T: Okay, so try it out, and see if you are, like, also getting these same things, and then keep trying this, like, you just play around, then you will understand. So, for an application perspective, yes, now let's talk about application perspective.
Ramakrishna T: Like, we…
Sankalp Sughosh: I'm sorry, so this script will run only on… can you run on Okarium, or it can run only on this Google Colabi user?
Ramakrishna T: No, no, it can run in local system also. It's a, like, my maximum how much you see, it's a… it's a 70 ambit, the 7800MB it'll take, your RAM.
Sankalp Sughosh: This Anaconda or Jupiter can, can exist.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, Jupyter Notebook, just open a notebook, and then this cell you copy, and then run it. So, for that, you need to install pip install gensim. So, this is the one you just installed.
Sankalp Sughosh: Okay, okay.
Ramakrishna T: Right? And then the same code you can write. And, like, this, this, you can see the… how, actually, a representation, if someone is asking, like, how, your representation is this one, you can think of, like, this is how the vectors, how, for this word, it comes, like, 50 dimensions, it'll come like this, okay? So…
Ramakrishna T: These are the words, actually.
Ramakrishna T: Okay, so then, I… for the top end, now most similar, and most dissimilar also you can find, actually. Most dissimilar is, by distance, what is that most dissimilar, if you want?
Ramakrishna T: So, let's say… Model.
Ramakrishna T: Most… Dissimilar also, you'll get… I think similar only, but yeah.
Ramakrishna T: Then… Let's say, Apple. Let's go to the…
Ramakrishna T: I belong. Okay, so, you see, the most similar words for that is…
Ramakrishna T: Like, this is the distance. Out of 1. 1 means exact match.
Ramakrishna T: Right? Out of 100%, like, a 0 to 1 deal rate, and then, from the…
Ramakrishna T: 70.75 means, most similar, then followed by chips, iPhone, Microsoft… Then, you know…
Ramakrishna T: This iPad… this is not considered as a fruit, you see?
Sanjay Khandelwal: But is that because the data is skewed, then?
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, the data, how it appears is the Apple company, it has appeared more, in the way that is trained.
Sanjay Khandelwal: This is one of the challenges and the problem that we have.
Ramakrishna T: Apple can be of fruit also, Apple can be your company also, right? This model, do you see clearly that it is not able to distinguish now at this moment. This is… this is the problem of the…
Ramakrishna T: Word to wick.
Ramakrishna T: As simple as that. That is why we moved to our transformers.
Ramakrishna T: Okay.
Ramakrishna T: Then, yeah. And also, we… so what, yeah, what are the applications you can build, guys, for this?
Ramakrishna T: So, yes, we are good in this understanding purpose, but yeah, what do you think which applications we can build?
Ramakrishna T: Anyone wanna tell me?
Sanjay Khandelwal: Autocomplete.
Ramakrishna T: Autocomplete, okay? Autocomplete, how do you think it'll come?
Sanjay Khandelwal: I mean, if I've, let's say, written.
Vivek Vishwakarma: a specific query in Google.
Sanjay Khandelwal: Based on the words that I've put in, right?
Sanjay Khandelwal: let's say if I just write restaurants near, right, I'm assuming near is the most obvious word to come after that, as long as the data has been trained with that.
Ramakrishna T: And that's the most closest application area that I can really think of.
Abhishek Shrivastwa: Can we use for spelling checks? For example, sometimes we write wrong spelling for a word, so it will autocorrect.
Ramakrishna T: Spelling Correction, yes, exactly. Spelling corrections, yes, that can do.
Ramakrishna T: Because…
Selvaraju Ponnusamy: semantics.
Ramakrishna T: sometimes, let's say, spelling correction, there are most, let's say, in the internet, like, let's say a lot of, similar words, right? So, yeah, spelling corrections, one, it can solve, yes, to some extent, not everything, okay?
Ramakrishna T: Okay, so let's say I have an application like semantic search.
Ramakrishna T: Okay, semantic searches, basically, okay, instead of, like, a keyword match, let's say example, I'll give a, probably car insurance claim.
Ramakrishna T: Okay? So this, it can probably retrieve a better one.
Ramakrishna T: Car incidence claim.
Ramakrishna T: This can retrieve… Probably… I would say…
Ramakrishna T: There is, another sentence is, like, maybe, vehicle… For a policy reimbursement.
Ramakrishna T: So these are, like, more… Related.
Ramakrishna T: It can say.
Ramakrishna T: So these are, like, car instance climb, if I am searching like this, keywords, but in the bag of words, it will not be able to understand, but this is at least now, it knows that for climb, it's a different word, and car incidence is a… and car. So these are more related to this particular sentence, it can understand.
Abhinav Singh: In this scenario, we can create a voice assistant thing as well, utilizing this model.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah.
Ramakrishna T: But they will not have a good accuracy, but sure, even this one also, like, I'm trying to say, this word, this sentence is more similar to this sentence, how are we computing the sentence level embeddings? The sentence-level embeddings, guys, like, yeah, car, insurance, claim, you will have a sentence, each word has an embeddings, right? And then you can take an average of all these things. Similar way, you can also calculate the, most…
Ramakrishna T: next to three words, common average, and then find a similarity. This might be, you can get a return like this.
Ramakrishna T: But you'll not get 100% accuracy, but you will get a decent, better than the previous methods.
Ramakrishna T: Okay? And also you… study?
Kishlay Kumar: If we want to build an application which generates the synonyms for a word, can we use it?
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, exactly, the synonyms. This is very, very important. Synonium detections. Like, example, okay, so I'll give you a thought process where I have used earlier, right? So, let's say, same doctor.
Ramakrishna T: Okay, I have used in my healthcare in the previous company. So, doctor can be used in multiple places, okay? Like, example, people will not directly write, sometimes doctor. Let's say physician.
Ramakrishna T: Okay?
Ramakrishna T: You're getting right?
Ramakrishna T: Physician.
Ramakrishna T: Or, I can write surgeon also, or I can write, maybe, some cardiologist also.
Ramakrishna T: Right?
Ramakrishna T: These are all synonyms, right?
Ramakrishna T: Kind of, right? So, I'm trying to… I have built an algorithm, which is, like, I want to find, like, topic modeling. Do you know topic modeling in any… any of you have heard of? Topic modeling is, like, finding a most, frequent doc… most similar documents, basically.
Ramakrishna T: Okay, so, what I built is, like, we, we have,
Ramakrishna T: floated a survey in my application, I'll tell you, in reality, there was a…
Ramakrishna T: Our company also, I can reveal, Novartis, I have worked with Novartis, right? So here, there is a sales team, we floated a survey, now almost, like, 10,000 people are working in the sales, okay, there, in that organization. So, 10,000 people, 10,000, sales surveys, like, say, every survey has, like, maybe almost 50 questions, all descriptive questions. So, we have a 10,000 into 50, right? Which is very, very.
Ramakrishna T: manually cumbersive, and then it is also trying to understand its difficult human also, right? Because it is, like, mix of lot of languages. Okay, so hence, now we are trying to build a topic modeling to really understand, what are the themes, like, what is the requirements for this sales team, or what are the, like, by region, okay? Let's say, in US, most people wanted something, and maybe in the.
Ramakrishna T: European, they… they're asking something else. So, we are trying to understand the relationship by department, by the different, different granular level, right, at different levels in the organizations, and then also different locations as well. So, we are trying to understand, but what common problem that we are faced is, they are using regularly, like, some people, right, we are not having a good connection with the physician, or we are having some problem with the doctor.
Ramakrishna T: We are having some issue with the, you know, in collaborating with the, maybe surgeons. Like this, they write, but we don't know these doctors, physicians, surgeons, because we cannot read every sentence, right? So, hence, we used some similarity to find, like, most similar words, and then we normalize them using this word-to-wick. So, this is what synonym detection helps that.
Ramakrishna T: Right? Finding the most similar words for the doctors, if they have used in that particular word, then we can also say that we can replace that word with the doctor, simple as simple as that. So that we can understand in a normalized manner.
Kishlay Kumar: It is just like root word detection, right?
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, root word, but our root words is difficult to understand, right? Without you have meaning, it will not be difficult. So, hence, Word2VEC is already model-trained, right? Model is knowing that doctor and physicians are more related, so if you… if you see, like, maybe, similar words for doctor, let's calculate, okay? So, just to give you this example.
Ramakrishna T: Right? What similar words it will come, you see.
Ramakrishna T: Just give you…
Ramakrishna T: Maybe this glow is something, but yeah, there's just a smaller word, but a smaller model, like, Gen XIM has, like, bigger models also. For our illustration, we took the smaller models.
Ramakrishna T: Okay.
Ramakrishna T: So, meanwhile, let it run, so I think it's taking some time. So, yeah,
Ramakrishna T: I don't know why it's taking so much time.
Ramakrishna T: So you, you're getting right, so the…
Sankalp Sughosh: Will it be also useful to,
Sankalp Sughosh: find out very similar… maybe, like, no, like, if I open a YouTube, then it gives me similar videos, or…
Sankalp Sughosh: Or, you know, similar… Recommendation kind of stuff.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, you can build, that's what, but this method may not be super accurate, because we have a lot of advanced methods, models out there, but till that point, 2012, 13, this model was a super powerful model.
Ramakrishna T: Okay. So if you go to doctor, right? So doctor, you see nurse, teacher, then probably dentist, physician, you see surgeon, psychiatrist.
Ramakrishna T: So, you see, they're, like, these are the common group of people, people are talking it. So, we can think of, like, you see, the people can write in doctor also, you see dentist, then teacher, colleague, maybe whatnot, right? Surgeon, psychiatrist, DR, dot, right? So, these are the things that you can think of.
Ramakrishna T: Okay? So, this is one of the examples that we already worked with.
Ramakrishna T: So this… that is one of the applications.
Ramakrishna T: Okay, so yeah, recommendation system also, yes, I think, Sankalp, you are saying, right? So, the recommendation example also, yes, that's the very important model, but now we have more advanced models we will not use in the recommended system, but at that point of time, it was popular. And text classification, traditional text classification, guys.
Ramakrishna T: Okay, so traditional text calcification is like a spam detection.
Ramakrishna T: Okay? So, you know this spam detection, like, for every, sentence you get, then obviously for every paragraph, then you can detect whether spam or not. Similarly, sentiment analysis, whether there's sentiment analysis, and, maybe, if you have a ServiceNow ticket categorization.
Ramakrishna T: Right? Then we have, probably any intended detections.
Ramakrishna T: So these are the… some, classification models, right?
Ramakrishna T: Right? So, all these problems you can actually, you know, you can use this, word to wake as well. So, what, how a text is, like, if, let's say, I said, like, maybe, I am not happy with the product example, right?
Ramakrishna T: So, every word, you will get a word-to-vec, like, I am not happy with the product, right? You'll get then, you take the average of all the vectors.
Ramakrishna T: The average of all the word vectors.
Ramakrishna T: Then that becomes your sentence vector. You getting me?
Ramakrishna T: Okay? So then, that… then that sentence embeddings, you can build a classifier.
Ramakrishna T: So, you can train a model based on these sentence embeddings with the… it's a… you have a label, positive and negative, then you can train maybe some simple logic regression, or a supportive remission, or any neural network algorithms. Then, based on that, now, for a new sentence comes, you'll also construct, like, the average of this, you would pass to… this is basically a word-to-wick model, right? You hear a word-to-weck model we have used.
Ramakrishna T: So, word-to-wake model, then the average of all the word vectors, and then sentence memories, then it'll detect you as opposed to a negative. So, this is the model that, we used to have it in, again, that point of time. It was, like, very, very popular, and very, very… almost you will get a very decent accuracy in 80-85% easily you'll get.
Ramakrishna T: Because this is… these vectors are constructed in a more of a,
Ramakrishna T: probably the very, very, neighborhoods it has seen, and then the models, the vectors are constructed in that direction. So, hence, these applications you can build. Why these methods are popular even now, also? Reality is, like, this doesn't use… require any infrastructure, this does not have any, you know, any cost-associated parameters, like, we don't have, like, much, much bigger of OpenAI costs, and then GPU, whatnot.
Ramakrishna T: Right? So, hence, this model is, like, really popular, actually.
Ramakrishna T: So, because of the cost benefits that we have.
Ramakrishna T: And also, latency is likely, you can have less than, maybe, some milliseconds. It's not even 1 second. So, if you are making a ChatGPT call, it will usually take more than one 1.5 seconds, okay?
Ramakrishna T: So, 1 1.5 seconds on an average, a request to a chat GPT, and then the response from the chat GPT usually takes 1-1.5 seconds. So, think of, if you're getting into millions of transactions every minute, right, then think of, like, is it a scalable approach, like having a 1.5 seconds for everything responding, right? And then, just a chat GPT response will not be able to
Ramakrishna T: build an application, right? You need to build some…
Ramakrishna T: other advantage. In the agent decay world, you need to call a lot many tools, basically, right? So, building… calling multiple tools, multiple LLM calls, LLM one call may not be sufficient. You need to call 3-4 calls. This is, like, usually the turning around, like, maybe 10 seconds to respond to a user question. So, do you think in this world, 10 seconds is really a big latency, if I'm talking about,
Ramakrishna T: overall conversational agent that you are trying to build. So, that is the problem that we are trying to solve. So, in that kind of problems, try to avoid as many LLM calls as you need, but you can go with the smaller models and then try to generate in less than milliseconds, nanoseconds then, so that your overall latency can be reduced, brought down maybe less than 2 seconds, instead of 10 seconds. So, that's the objective.
Ramakrishna T: Overall.
Ramakrishna T: Right? So, hence, smaller models will always be, good for,
Ramakrishna T: real-time applications, but at the cost of maybe some output limitations, but yeah, where you really need a decision, like, where you need to have a lot of intelligence to apply, you can go to OpenAI or some bigger LLMs. But yeah, if you just want to take some decision, like, based on some certain rules, or based on some… even now there, people are taking, like, even smaller decisions, people are using OpenAI calls.
Ramakrishna T: Which is not required. So you can have with… we can come with the smaller LLMs and then build with these decisions, this kind of word-to-week and whatnot, right? That's some of… some of these examples, where it can be used still now as well.
Ramakrishna T: Okay?
Ramakrishna T: Anything more we have here? Any questions, doubts, guys?
Ramakrishna T: Before we move on…
Sanjay Khandelwal: Rama, when you… when we convert these words to vectors, right, and you said there are about, if I'm not wrong, 512 dimensions.
Ramakrishna T: Okay.
Sanjay Khandelwal: Do we define in the very beginning what each of these dimensions means?
Sanjay Khandelwal: Or these are randomly assigned by, the… during the training phase of the model, itself, on which 512 parameters might be the most relevant one. I don't understand what do those 512 numbers mean there.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, yeah, so the… how the model is trained is…
Ramakrishna T: Simple, as simple as that, like, it's based on the dimensional representation, okay? So, you represent, as a dimension, then the model is trying, right? But, I just gave you some, number, 512, but the, different, different people have tried in different, different combinations, like Wikipedia, if you see here, it is a 70-dimensional.
Ramakrishna T: Sorry, 50 dimensional vectors.
Ramakrishna T: Right?
Ramakrishna T: So, this particular, if you are, getting a king, it will get you a 50-dimensional, and every word also is into 50-dimensional. Now, we are trying to calculate the similarity, the 50 words, 50, numbers with another 50 numbers, and then we are trying to see which is the most similar ones. That's how we are calculating. So, some people came with the 512, some people even came with 786, whatnot, right?
Ramakrishna T: So, as we move forward in the latest and latest, right, the recent GPT models is more than 4,000, the dimensions, okay? So, that's such a bigger representation that we are giving. So, because
Ramakrishna T: 50-dimensional, you cannot represent every word, right? In the… every word you can represent, but every combination of the words, you cannot represent.
Ramakrishna T: Okay? Within a sentence, right? So, hence, 50 dimension is too less, so hence, the model fails to understand that. So, hence, as you increase the dimension, and dimension, increasing and increasing, increasing, model learns to fit more granular way, and the model, like, every word is, like, will be able to understand in which sentence the people are talking and which context, right? So, hence, as you increase the dimension, then you'll get a more representation…
Ramakrishna T: representative in terms of the contextual understanding, but only thing is, as you increase the denser representation, again, the model will, again, have the lot of cost parameter, and then architecture-wise, also, it needs to fit that memory. So that is where the billions of
Ramakrishna T: These vectors are, like, 50 dimensions, 50,
Ramakrishna T: you can think of it as related to the parameters that is associated, okay? So, if you increase the parameters, then it'll increase the 50 dimensions. So, increasing billion to 3 billion, 5 billion, 6 billion, terra billion… trillion parameters. Like, GPT-5 is basically a trillion parameter model.
Ramakrishna T: So, trillion parameter training is, like, it takes, like, months together, basically.
Ramakrishna T: Right? It cannot be done in a day or two, so hence it is a lot of cost. And that… that too, they train in TPUs with, thousands, 10,000 TPUs.
Ramakrishna T: That is why you're… you'll have OpenAI and all, they run, like, over several months, these models.
Sanjay Khandelwal: Right, but again, so basically, these dimensions are not defined by ours.
Ramakrishna T: No, not represented by us. While training itself, the model is trained… model is defined, how they have trained.
Ramakrishna T: So, we cannot, define now. I cannot now, I cannot say that, I need 512, no. You will get this, but, I can, while, you know, when I'm representing to a dimension, like, two-dimensional, I represent it, right? YX axis and Y axis. But I reduce to 2 dimension.
Ramakrishna T: Here.
Ramakrishna T: Right? So, the way that, once, from the model, it still gives you 50 dimensions, but how you convert yourself again after, on top of that, it's up to you, based on your application.
Ramakrishna T: Yep.
Ramakrishna T: Okay, so any other you want me to try? Are you… is it a… is the core working for everyone?
Ramakrishna T: Did you guys try?
Ramakrishna T: Or you will try later.
Abhinav Singh: Gratitude. Good talking.
Abhishek Srivastava: Yeah, when I'm installing Gensim, it is actually giving me some wheels error.
Abhishek Srivastava: I'll probably try it later.
Ramakrishna T: MacBooker.
Ramakrishna T: Where are you installing, actually, Abhishek?
Abhishek Srivastava: So, I have a VS Code…
Abhishek Srivastava: environment, there I have installed everything. So I installed sentence transformer, yes, that worked.
Ramakrishna T: But when I'm installing ginseng, it is saying…
Abhishek Srivastava: wheel error. When I checked, there's… I am on pattern 3.14 right now.
Abhishek Srivastava: They are saying wheel is not… so I'll have to roll back to 3.11. That's what I could find.
Ramakrishna T: Okay, okay, got it.
Ramakrishna T: Okay, so no worries. So, now, let's move back to the next, world, okay, so where we, now the word to wake. Every… is everyone clear what to wake? Let's move on, right?
Sanjay Khandelwal: Yep.
Vivek Vishwakarma: Okay. So then.
Ramakrishna T: I think, let's take a break, I think, probably till 11.30, and then we'll be back, okay?
Ramakrishna T: I think maybe, 11.30 is too much, but yeah, 11.25 will be back, okay? Is it fine?
HETAL THAKKAR: Good.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, so once we're back, then we will, read again, go back to the transformers, and then what applications we can build there will start, okay?
Ramakrishna T: Sure. We'll be back by that.
Ramakrishna T: Hello?
Ramakrishna T: Is everyone back?
Nitin Srivastava: Yes. Yes, Tomo.
Amit Kharod: Yamo.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, okay, so let's start, okay?
Ramakrishna T: So,
Ramakrishna T: I'm sharing screen, actually.
Ramakrishna T: So, right now, so far, what we learned is, like, you know, the Word2VEC, and then whatnot, right? Then, from… in that, like, we learned the, transformer…
Abhinav Singh: is very fluid.
Ramakrishna T: Buddy?
Abhinav Singh: I'm sorry to interrupt, your voice is very slow.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, is it okay now?
Nitin Srivastava: Yes, yes, yes.
Ramakrishna T: Okay, so I'm saying that, yeah, the… so, after, like, a work to wake, now there are a lot of other models, but yeah, the most important model is, like, very important for us to know is, like, yeah, the, what do you call the transformers, right? We study transformers.
Ramakrishna T: So, transformers, like, as I… as I said, the first important part is the encoders, right? So, then we have, encoders.
Ramakrishna T: And then, we have our decoders.
Ramakrishna T: Okay, so, if I'm giving a sentence, Okay? The same.
Ramakrishna T: I… Low.
Ramakrishna T: Eating.
Ramakrishna T: Right?
Ramakrishna T: So then, what it gives you here?
Ramakrishna T: For every word, what it'll give?
Ramakrishna T: Vector. Again?
Ramakrishna T: Vector are embeddings.
Abdul Nagur Ali Khan Mohammad: Contextualized the… Contextualized.
Ramakrishna T: This is also sim.
Ramakrishna T: But the way that his model is trained, here is his, kind of window size.
Ramakrishna T: Right? In the word to wake.
Ramakrishna T: But here… It is more trained in terms of the… using the attentions.
Ramakrishna T: We studied attentions, how it is helping, last week.
Ramakrishna T: Right? So attention is, like, for IE,
Ramakrishna T: When we are trying to see neighbor words, anything in the sentence.
Ramakrishna T: Not just only the neighbor words, but anything
Ramakrishna T: Any, any word in that particular sentence?
Ramakrishna T: And based on that, the embeddings of I is constructed by looking at the other words, basically.
Ramakrishna T: So, which means that…
Ramakrishna T: Again, this is also a open source data set. You will take the sentence, sentence, sentence by sentence, sentence by sentence, and then give it to the encoder.
Ramakrishna T: And the encoder, will give… will get you, based on the contextual representation. Now, i.e, I love eating is…
Ramakrishna T: In that, I will give you a different representation. I love… Apples.
Ramakrishna T: is… is it… Apple will give you a different representation, then I'm working in Apple.
Ramakrishna T: In?
Ramakrishna T: Rapid.
Ramakrishna T: So, this time, Apple give you a definite position. Do you agree?
Nitin Srivastava: Yes.
Ramakrishna T: the apple is learned by looking at the love and ideal. But here, the apple is learned by looking at the
Ramakrishna T: contextual representation. So, hence, word to wake, independent of whether I love Apple or I am working in Apple, both representation, Apple will give you the same representation earlier, but now, looking at this attention mechanism in the transformers, I love Apple, Apple will give you a different representation, and I am working in an Apple company, or I am working in Apple, it will give you the same Apple.
Ramakrishna T: We'll give you a different representation.
Ramakrishna T: So, hence, this is more popular, and this is more meaningful as well, right? So, when we look at the different words and different sentences, and then hence, the words are not uniquely calculated, the words are actually looked at the surrounding words, and then the representation of the words are, like, calculated based on the surrounding words.
Ramakrishna T: So, hence, The encoders will give you, finally, The vector embeddings.
Ramakrishna T: Of each word.
Ramakrishna T: But let's say the transformers, the encoders only encodes the information.
Ramakrishna T: Then, now it cannot generate it. It cannot generate a text. So, hence, you need a decoder. So, this contextual information is passed to a decoder.
Ramakrishna T: And finally, the decoder uses a, again, an attention, but it is a masked attention.
Ramakrishna T: a different attention. Because, why you masked? Anyone aware?
Ramakrishna T: So, why masked is, like, like, I'm passing, like, a, in a, in a, this actuals also I will pass here.
Ramakrishna T: Because… The actuals are, like,
Ramakrishna T: the machine translation example. I love eating, I'm converting to, let's say, Spanish, And,
Ramakrishna T: The first token when I'm constructing, I need to mask the… Future words, actually.
Ramakrishna T: Because the model should not be exposed, model should not learn the future.
Ramakrishna T: when I'm constructing the word token by token, hence, the… if I… if I understand, if you… if I want to make you understand, right? So then, probably, the actuals
Ramakrishna T: Like, for a given one token, the remaining, like, in the first timestamp, when you're generating it, all the future sentences will be masked here.
Ramakrishna T: So, it will not pass here.
Ramakrishna T: So, all the future actuals, Like, let's say… that a Timstam T1,
Ramakrishna T: The remaining all words will be masked.
Ramakrishna T: You do not pass.
Abdul Nagur Ali Khan Mohammad: Question paper leak, we will not leak the question paper, something.
Ramakrishna T: They will not leak, simple as, simple as that. We'll only leak until…
Ramakrishna T: The words aren't… until the questions are seen.
Ramakrishna T: Okay, so similarly, time stamps 2 also, we will only pass these 2, but not the future words. Similarly, for the timestamp T3, we'll only pass the fast and present, but not the future again. So at every timestamp, we will ensure that the future words are not same.
Ramakrishna T: So that model understands, by looking at the hidden context, we will pass everything. All the, I love hitting everything encoder side, it'll pass, but the decoder will not… we will not allow them to see future words. Hence, that is called as a masked attention. Masked attention ensures that future words don't see that.
Ramakrishna T: Still, it is an attention, because it needs to see the fast and present.
Ramakrishna T: But, the future only, we are masking, because the model, we should not leak, otherwise the pattern will not be learned.
Ramakrishna T: So, so that's the decoder. Only the difference between encoder and decoder is, it uses a mask retinctions.
Ramakrishna T: Then, we'll have a final layer which converts probabilities to the, you know, the decoder also, again, encoder, decoder, both will give you embeddings only.
Ramakrishna T: At the end of the day, it will also give you the embeddings.
Ramakrishna T: So, from the embeddings, now, using the neural network architecture softmax functions, then we will calculate the… what is the next word? What is that what particular word would be?
Ramakrishna T: So, hence, the decoder also produces using the softmax probabilities at the last layer, then it produces the last generated output, and based on the output, now it trains all the parameters.
Ramakrishna T: So, this is what is the encoder and decoder's architecture.
Ramakrishna T: So, but, why… in a traditional…
Ramakrishna T: One encoder, decoder… encoder means it's a staggered encoder, basically. So, in the reality, you will have multiple encoders.
Ramakrishna T: Multiple encoders. Initial paper, it came with 6 encoders.
Ramakrishna T: In 2017.
Ramakrishna T: And initial also came with the two… six decoders.
Ramakrishna T: I put 4, but yeah, it's actually 6.
Ramakrishna T: So, decoder, decoder, and last, it will pass every site, every place.
Ramakrishna T: And, it, it will pass the, the output master tokens, and then here input is passed.
Ramakrishna T: Right? Then it will reconstruct.
Ramakrishna T: So, just why we added too many encoders is just to have more representations. So, one encoder may learn in a different manner, and then other encoder will learn even better than the previous encoder.
Ramakrishna T: And it also learns, you know, in a better way. So as we increase the complexity, as we add more and more and more, then your parameters will keep increasing.
Ramakrishna T: So, initially, it started with 6 encoders, 6 decoders, but we… now, nowadays, it's thousands of encoders, thousands of decoders, actually, the recent architectures.
Rajesh Shankaranarayana: But the training data for each encoder will be the same, or very different?
Ramakrishna T: Is pending… The, what it… it…
Ramakrishna T: the goal of this encoder, just we are replicating it. Simple. The blocks will not have any difference in the architecture. So, we are having the same number of layers, same number of neurons, same number of architecture, will not change, but the training data, the input data that it passed here is the actual sentence.
Ramakrishna T: So, you know, now here, the embeddings will come. Even sentence, how we are passing here, input sentence. You remember the positional embeddings, and then we are also passing the embeddings only.
Rajesh Shankaranarayana: Correct.
Ramakrishna T: we are not passing the exact sentence. The sentence is actually transformed to a vector, and we are passing to encoder. And the encoder also will be having another vector.
Ramakrishna T: And then it'll pass again. So, similar way, encode… the second encoder also will pass the numbers only to the another encoder.
Ramakrishna T: But it is a different encode… different embeddings, basically.
Rajesh Shankaranarayana: But will the other parts, the query, the value, and all the others, will it change from one encoder to another? And if so… Definitely, it should change.
Ramakrishna T: Right? That is what is learned.
Rajesh Shankaranarayana: Okay.
Ramakrishna T: If it is same, then no point in adding another import.
Rajesh Shankaranarayana: That's why. So, yeah, how does that happen, though?
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, it happens because you will have the weights, actually. If you see this query, if I tell you the keys, values.
Ramakrishna T: Constructed from the matrix called WQ, as I said, right? So there is a WQ, and these are, like, matrices. Let's say, your input is a 512 vector, usually that's initially, like, 512 vectors, they've started. So now, you, you would need from here to, the next also, you need 512, right?
Ramakrishna T: When you are passing it. So, hence, when you are multiplying 1 cross 512 with 512 by some 64, usually. So, hence, 1 cross 64. This is a 64, because your Q is 64 length.
Ramakrishna T: I said. So, the metrics, in every…
Ramakrishna T: attention inside the encoder, this is… is different, 512x64.
Ramakrishna T: And, similar way, another layer also is there will be Q, there will be another 52x64,
Ramakrishna T: And this is different from this one.
Ramakrishna T: This is also WQ, this is 1, this is 2.
Ramakrishna T: These are all insulated randomly.
Ramakrishna T: So, model will learn, in a way, this will be learned differently, this will be learned differently.
Ramakrishna T: Okay, you're getting right. So, because it… they are enclosed…
Ramakrishna T: different, different randomly, right? So, they are not same in the initial point.
Rajesh Shankaranarayana: So, just abstracting then, across the various LLMs, is it just the WQV that changes, or anything else changes, actually?
Ramakrishna T: WQ, WK, WV, all these parameters, and also, there is a randomness that is definitely in the inside the randomness, hence it changes at every encoder, and then inside the encoder, there will be a feed-forward neural networks also. So, encoder consists of two blocks.
Rajesh Shankaranarayana: Yeah, correct.
Ramakrishna T: Okay, is the, you know, attentions, or self-attentions, we call.
Ramakrishna T: Then, we have the feed for one neural networks. Just feed for one neural networks, also, there will be a parameters. So, you would pass here, what you will pass is, like, you will also pass the vectors again, for every word. Okay, so this is also one vector, right? I said jed.
Ramakrishna T: Right? So this JED is, again, the same representation of, like, this is PHY12, the JED is also 512. So, 512 is passive to a number of layers, like, FIR41 neural network also, like, 4 layers, you can think of.
Ramakrishna T: Okay? So, let's say you have a example,
Ramakrishna T: Just think of 5 words.
Ramakrishna T: Okay, so which means that your input matrix is phi cross phi 12, right?
Ramakrishna T: Yeah. 5 words, and 5 words. So, 512, all this like this, and then 5 words, something like this. So, 5 crash, 512, and it will be passed here, inside the hidden layer, so you can have 3-4 layers.
Ramakrishna T: Then, the final output layer, will… Again, pass D.
Ramakrishna T: What is that it should come?
Ramakrishna T: Phi CrossFit 12, it should come.
Ramakrishna T: So, this is how, it will be generated. So… so this is… these are, again, parameters, you see?
Ramakrishna T: Everywhere, there are parameters, you see?
Ramakrishna T: So, these are all parameters only. W's, all these… again, these are all weights. If you see, this is 5 across 512, and it is multiplied with some weights.
Ramakrishna T: These are, like, multiplication only, 512 by some number, right? So then, 512 by 60, for example, then 64 by, probably 512…
Ramakrishna T: And then into, then stacked into 5 notes.
Ramakrishna T: Okay? So, which is 5+, 5, 5. This is 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. So, like this, 5 plus 512 will come. So, if you multiply all these different, different combinations, again, you will get 5 cross 5-12.
Ramakrishna T: As simple as that. So, everything is changed. This is one layer, one encoder. Like this, there will be a different installation of the weights, fit for our neural network also.
Ramakrishna T: Right? And then here also, randomly, you are assigning, and then you are learning it in the data. So all these are, like, different, different, so if you see,
Ramakrishna T: Feed-forward neural network has some parameters, then Attensions has some parameters, then everything in the encoder will… like, let's say this encoder alone may be having, like, a example,
Ramakrishna T: Maybe 200 million parameters.
Ramakrishna T: Just assume, assume that, right? So, 200 million parameters, and this encoder also will have the same parameters, 200 million. These 200 million parameters, these 200 million parameters are…
Ramakrishna T: different.
Ramakrishna T: initialized randomly, hence, you will also learn differently, different patterns, because the attentions are calculated, the weights are calculated, the queries are calculated, formula is same, so hence.
Ramakrishna T: The weights are different, so hence, you'll get the different, different, different values for every time. And then, loss function… from the loss functions, you will also update the different, different, different, different things. So, hence, every time, you will not converge.
Ramakrishna T: Many times, they will be different. These 200 million parameters, maybe one parameter may be same, but if you, if you, check the encoder 200 million parameters, the overall, the 200 million parameters, every time they will be different.
Ramakrishna T: So, like this, this is more… this is learning, let's say, one-dimensional view. This is learning another dimensional view. Like, it's same sentences, if you're asking, like, maybe, like, if I give you a document, example, 100-page document, if I'm giving to 63, people here.
Ramakrishna T: So, one, do you think all will learn in the same angle that,
Ramakrishna T: to a common understanding? Never. We will never get to a same understanding.
Ramakrishna T: So, people will learn in different, different ways. But everyone's understanding, like, maybe 60% people are understood in a different, different attribution, right? So, hence, the different dimensions, different attributions, different things that they have learned. So, probably these 200 millions also, parameters, like, every combination will be different, different, different. So, a richer learning will happen.
Ramakrishna T: As one after the other, one after the other, one after the other.
Ramakrishna T: As we keep adding, but the only thing is, you are increasing the complexity also, so we should stop at a certain point.
Ramakrishna T: So, you require to have a lot of data. So, this is, again, not only this one. It will also depend on your context size. This is, like, I just put 5 words, but in the reality, it'll 4000 words. Context length, right? That is what is differ.
Ramakrishna T: In GPT-4 to GPT-5 to GPT-3, alright? So, the context length, how much context length that you really pass.
Ramakrishna T: That will also determine the number of parameters that you're adding to the model, right? So, hence, all these are learned in different, different ways.
Ramakrishna T: Any questions here?
Sankalp Sughosh: So, what is the exit criteria for all this, right? At one point of time, it has to stop, right?
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, lost function.
Sankalp Sughosh: So…
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, I think I will come to the training phase, okay? So how these models are trained, actually, in a way, maybe in a short, right? So, let's take the Wikipedia, okay? I love eating, is what I said.
Ramakrishna T: Right? This is one eating apples.
Ramakrishna T: this is one sentence you got in the Wikipedia, okay? So now, what I am doing is,
Ramakrishna T: Right? So… So… this one, i.e, Right? Then…
Ramakrishna T: The X and the Y, how it will prepare is… The next…
Ramakrishna T: Word, actually. We are predicting. I love.
Ramakrishna T: Okay? Similarly, for the I allow, than eating.
Ramakrishna T: Okay? Then, I love eating…
Ramakrishna T: Then, we have predatory apples.
Ramakrishna T: Similarly, I love eating apples, and then like this. So, keeps, it is going. So, it will go till you… you will define some context length for your,
Ramakrishna T: model, okay? So, like, let's say you are different 5… 500 words. Context.
Ramakrishna T: Okay? So this 500 words, you will put this maximum 500 words.
Ramakrishna T: I love eating apples, and then it goes 500 watts, okay?
Ramakrishna T: Then, the last word is finite one word. What is there in the Wikipedia, or probably maybe any training data that you have. This is… they will stop it. And then, now, another one will start, another iteration, then love.
Ramakrishna T: Then, eating.
Ramakrishna T: Then love apples.
Ramakrishna T: Sorry, love eating.
Ramakrishna T: Then apples.
Ramakrishna T: This is the comprised of the data. Just between the one sentence, you will be able to construct till again, love eating apples again. 500 words.
Ramakrishna T: 500. And then, there is a…
Ramakrishna T: Probably phi naught 2, because this is starting with 1. I'm just putting count click, yeah.
Ramakrishna T: This is second word, so I'm assuming this is…
Ramakrishna T: 500, so then, then we'll have fina1 here.
Ramakrishna T: Then phi naught to the next world. Like this, it'll keep going.
Ramakrishna T: And then, again, eating, it'll start. So, like this, it'll make a training data huge data.
Ramakrishna T: Do you get me? So, the goal is to predict the next word.
Gaurav Tiwari: Rama, the earlier diagrammatic representation which you made, is there anywhere we can refer to that?
Gaurav Tiwari: Or we have to, you know, focus on your notes for now.
Ramakrishna T: This one?
Gaurav Tiwari: Yeah, so is it… I mean, it looks similar to what JMR article that you had shared earlier, right?
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Gaurav Tiwari: Do we go by that only, or are there other articles also that we can refer to understand this, you know, in more detail?
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, I think that article is really good.
Ramakrishna T: So you can go through that, yeah, any questions, you can ask me. But, why do we have more encoders, why do we have, like, yeah, those are, like, conceptual understanding you need to gain, that's it. But… but that is, like, again, you may not… don't go too much into maths, deep, because that is not required.
Ramakrishna T: So, because you just need to understand how these are trained in a wave overall. That's all.
Ramakrishna T: That is sufficient. So, here in this, the goal is what, actually, as I said, the goal is to…
Ramakrishna T: Predict the… Next word, basically.
Ramakrishna T: Right? So, yeah.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah.
Ramakrishna T: Goal is to predict the next world.
Ramakrishna T: ConnectWord.
Ramakrishna T: We don't call word, but yeah, actually, tokens. We will come there. Okay, so goal is to pay the… as of now, you think of, like, it's a next word.
Ramakrishna T: Okay, so… Any, any language model.
Ramakrishna T: is… is how they have trained. In a simple way, is… is to predict the next word.
Ramakrishna T: That is how… but different models have trained in different directions, but the most of the models, like recent models, like GPT, Jamni, or maybe the, any PAM models, are there maybe any other, like, Facebook models, whatever, the recent models, okay? All of them trained, in a way, is to predict the next two token only.
Ramakrishna T: So, next token, how it is the… you take all the way… all the internet data, make it more… more, like, combine everything as a corpus, and from the corpus, now try to build a X and Y like this.
Ramakrishna T: And then, train a system towards that encoder-decoder architecture. Simple as simple as that.
Ramakrishna T: And then, you will get the weights. Then, finally, when you are sending this… after you train, then after… when you're sending this one, then you… what is that mostly likely you will get here?
Ramakrishna T: As a next word, correct? Because you're training in that direction. Clear?
Ramakrishna T: I love eating apples.
Ramakrishna T: Then, what is that model have seen in the overall data? What is that pattern that it saw?
Ramakrishna T: So, it has seen many, many diverse, diverse verification, but what is that next word? It comes with a probability, probability of this next word.
Ramakrishna T: So, so, the word could be, maybe, the word 5,
Ramakrishna T: or Word 7, or word 100, word 500, the model. Word 507 is like a… because we have built some dictionary of the words.
Ramakrishna T: All these unique words are kept in, like, a vocabulary file, and this model is, like, what is the probability of next word is saying word 5? What is the probability of word for 7, word 500, 1000, whatnot.
Ramakrishna T: Then, if whatever the highest probability, that will come is the next one. Then, that's all.
Ramakrishna T: That's how it is predicting, predicting, next, next, next words.
Ramakrishna T: Okay, so let's… Let's read this, actually, so more granularly. So now, think of… now you have a… encoder?
Ramakrishna T: Example?
Ramakrishna T: Right?
Ramakrishna T: So, you have, encoders, Right? So…
Ramakrishna T: encoders, then you give a sentence, other words, the tokens, basically, right? Then you'll also get…
Ramakrishna T: embeddings further, words. Simple, as simple as that, you will get some… every word, you will get some representation. So now.
Ramakrishna T: What do you think, what will you do with this? What are the applications you can build with this again?
Sankalp Sughosh: Can anyone tell me?
Sankalp Sughosh: Autofill.
Ramakrishna T: Autofill? Okay, autofill what?
Sankalp Sughosh: Like, in mobile phones, right, we start writing and it keeps on giving.
Ramakrishna T: Think of, like, only encoders. Don't, this model has not generated anything at this moment. This is only embeddings, right?
Ramakrishna T: These are the embeddings.
Ramakrishna T: So, from the embeddings, what kind of applications you can build?
Ramakrishna T: The most popular applications in the day-to-day we are using.
Ramakrishna T: That is what I want you to talk about.
Nitin Srivastava: Hopefully, right, later on.
Ramakrishna T: Honey?
Nitin Srivastava: For training data.
Ramakrishna T: training data?
Ramakrishna T: What training data?
Nitin Srivastava: In terms of, if, if we are working in an organization that's,
Nitin Srivastava: the local organization data into a particular LLM.
Ramakrishna T: No, I am trained… I have trained the data.
Abdul Nagur Ali Khan Mohammad: exam.
Ramakrishna T: Now, assume that you have an encoder like this.
Nitin Srivastava: And you are getting embeddings.
Ramakrishna T: Now, what are the application perspective, what do you think, which applications you can build with these embeddings?
Abdul Nagur Ali Khan Mohammad: For example, we get a call, it may detect if it's a business call, spam call, or whatever.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, it's a… yes. So…
Ramakrishna T: First of all, this is not a sentence level. Again, encoder also will not give you sentence embeddings again. Are you clear on this? I love eating apples since you are getting for everything.
Ramakrishna T: Right?
Ramakrishna T: You are getting everything as in one meeting. Eye also will come something, aloe also will come something, eating also will come something, and apple also will come something, right?
Ramakrishna T: You don't get a sentence-level embeddings. Again, sentence-level emittings are in… are something, sentence-level embeddings, you can construct from here, as I said.
Ramakrishna T: Either you take, maybe, weighted average of them, or just plain average, or maybe you can take last encoder, encoder, like, I can take last encoders, right? So there is an encoder… encoder means you will have stacked encoders. The sixth encoder, fifth encoder, I can take an average, group them, average, like, there's a lot of concepts you can build. There are a lot of research papers on that.
Ramakrishna T: So, sentence embeddings, let's talk about. You got a sentence embeddings, total, like, you constructed through some means. Maybe you just took an average example.
Ramakrishna T: Okay? And then you've got sentence embedding. From the sentence embeddings, you can just build a classification layer. I said intent classification. You can build, right?
Nitin Srivastava: Okay.
Ramakrishna T: So, intent, like, what is the intent? Now, I love eating apples. Let's say, example, I am also building one application called, if there is a patient message that comes to me in the healthcare, right? And then I'm trying to detect, is it a billing query, or is it an appointment query, or is it maybe some medicines-related query, or something like that.
Nitin Srivastava: Okay, okay, got it, got it.
Ramakrishna T: Right? So, the sentence, the intent of these sentences are very, very important. So, now, like, let's say I wrote, like, I am trying to understand, like, this one, okay? I am look… I want to book an appointment.
Ramakrishna T: Book an appointment.
Ramakrishna T: Okay?
Ramakrishna T: Appointment on so-and-so date. On, maybe, 23rd.
Ramakrishna T: of February.
Ramakrishna T: Okay, so this is what customer has written.
Nitin Srivastava: So, normally, we can say all the classification problem, which is solved by encoder only, right?
Ramakrishna T: Yes, so ye…
Ramakrishna T: So, this one, I can give it to encoder, and encoder will give you an embedding. From the embedding, now you have built some classification layer, like, you can train your model, right? You can train the model, like, this is… you have, like, these sentences in your training data.
Ramakrishna T: But the encoder…
Ramakrishna T: What you are giving is, the model is already there, available training. So from this, you can train… you can just pass to encoder.
Ramakrishna T: And, you can have embeddings.
Ramakrishna T: Okay? And then, from the embeddings, you can have a… some last output node, which determines your
Ramakrishna T: Intent. Why 5 intents, so 5 intents we have.
Ramakrishna T: Okay?
Ramakrishna T: So, that's the goal, now I'm trying to give.
Ramakrishna T: This is what you can build, actually. So you have a label, you have an appointment, someone is labeling it, and you can train a model, like, maybe 1,000 data points or 10,000 data points.
Ramakrishna T: Or one lag data points, example. Then you can train a model system, like this, like this, like this, like this. Then finally, this is…
Ramakrishna T: called as a classification model, combination of… this is… you customize for your own requirement. This is called as a classification model. Intent classification model, which is an encoder, then you build some layer on top of this. You are customized, you added one layer again.
Ramakrishna T: output layer, which is this one. You trained the model again. From this, now, if you give a new sentence, then it'll just say that it is an appointment query.
Ramakrishna T: Alright? So that is the… that is what kind of applications you can build. Sentiment classification, you can build.
Ramakrishna T: And one more important application which we have is, let's say, you just have an embeddings example, okay? So, the example is something like this. You have got some sentence.
Ramakrishna T: Does… everyone knows these rag? RAG… you must have heard rags, right? In the past.
Ramakrishna T: Alright? So, sentences, like,
Ramakrishna T: Now, I have a corpus. Let's say there is a… okay, so let's think of, like, I have got a ticket. ServiceNow. Most of you guys are familiar on the ServiceNow, so I'm just using the ServiceNow. Like, I… my laptop got broken, example.
Ramakrishna T: And, screen is not displaying properly. That's the description I got.
Ramakrishna T: And it goes here.
Ramakrishna T: And, and then, now what it does is… We are building agentic solution.
Ramakrishna T: Okay? So, agentic solution, what it does is… This ticket it will take, And no…
Ramakrishna T: If we don't have agent, let's say example.
Ramakrishna T: If you don't have a AI, basically, a human only is there. What he does, basically, he looks at the description, he looks maybe a lot of you have a…
Ramakrishna T: 100K, million data sets you have, and 100K, maybe 1,000, SOPs we have, standard processes, documents you have, right?
Ramakrishna T: And he needs to refer all of them.
Ramakrishna T: And probably, if he is well expert guy, then probably may take maybe a 5… maybe maximum 3-4 minutes, but if he is not expert, maybe, probably may take maybe 15-20 minutes as well.
Ramakrishna T: Or maybe even 25 minutes. And thereby, he's talking to colleagues, he's talking, he's phoning, he give her phone to a friend, and he call… he call a friend, and then he asks, like, yeah, this is the ticket that I got, and then probably, how did you solve it?
Ramakrishna T: So all these are, like, a waste of time.
Ramakrishna T: Right? So instead, we can build an agent solution.
Ramakrishna T: Forget about agent, but at the moment, but now, you can build a system. At least now, 100K examples that I have, there is a ticket description.
Ramakrishna T: In the fast, Okay? And the solution taken.
Ramakrishna T: So you have a lot of data like this in the past, because the company is having a lot of ticket descriptions, and the solution taken, we already get it.
Ramakrishna T: Listen, can you convert this to a vector?
Ramakrishna T: Like, a ticket description you have? Every ticket description you have, right?
Ramakrishna T: From this ticket description, pass to an encoder.
Ramakrishna T: So you will get… All 100K embeddings?
Ramakrishna T: Will you get, or no?
Rafi Mohammad: Yes.
Ramakrishna T: meetings you'll get?
Ramakrishna T: From the encoders, this is model-well-trained sentence embeddings.
Ramakrishna T: Because the model sees in the past that these are kind of scenarios, and model knows that these are the patterns that we observed, and yes, it gives you a different good representation. Now, these embeddings are well constructed.
Ramakrishna T: These embeddings, if you plot it, the most similar, it will plot in the one place, and the most other similar points, it will plot in a different place.
Ramakrishna T: So, now you've got a sum vectors.
Ramakrishna T: Now, what you will do is, you will have a new ticket, New one?
Ramakrishna T: And, from this, you took the sentence.
Ramakrishna T: description, and convert this you pass to a encoder.
Ramakrishna T: And you get a vector.
Ramakrishna T: Right? Our embedding?
Ramakrishna T: Right? And this one, now you can find a similar, right?
Amit Kharod: So basically…
Ramakrishna T: These are… these are numbers.
Amit Kharod: So it's kind of search, right? We can just search out and.
Ramakrishna T: Similar, I'm trying to find. I'm trying to find just a Euclidean distance, just finding the most nearest vector for me.
Amit Kharod: Yo.
Ramakrishna T: And then, now you know, let's say, These are similar. Example.
Ramakrishna T: These are similar.
Ramakrishna T: Okay? These two are similar. And now, I'll go back, these two similars, these are indexed anyways, so now what is the solution I have here?
Ramakrishna T: Right?
Ramakrishna T: VIN… Then, this solution, now I will get here immediately.
Ramakrishna T: And maybe you can show it to user currently. If you are building an agenting system, that solution can be automatically taken into consideration.
Ramakrishna T: Let's say.
Ramakrishna T: Right?
Ramakrishna T: So, this is a traditional application, guys.
Ramakrishna T: Very, very popular applications using just in encoders.
Nitin Srivastava: Rama, I have a doubt regarding.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah.
Nitin Srivastava: We…
Nitin Srivastava: If we talk about classification model, which is encoder only.
Nitin Srivastava: There is a probability distribution in terms of FMEC, right?
Nitin Srivastava: If we talk about MLM, mask, let me module up here, that we discussed.
Nitin Srivastava: But, you, you did, do, you used the word Euclane diskin, right?
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, Euclidean, cosine similarity, doesn't matter.
Nitin Srivastava: Science Center.
Ramakrishna T: Usually, we go with cosine similarity because of the.
Nitin Srivastava: The distance measures, usually the Euclanean…
Ramakrishna T: Doesn't give you a much representation. Cosine similarity will give you a much more representation.
Nitin Srivastava: Okay, okay, got it, got it.
Ramakrishna T: Okay? So, like, how is this example, okay? I'll give you why…
Ramakrishna T: Cosine similarity, just for your information. There is a king here.
Ramakrishna T: Okay? And Queen is here.
Ramakrishna T: Right?
Ramakrishna T: But both are similar in more time, right? But if you take the cosine similarity.
Ramakrishna T: The cosine similarity is, like, the angle, okay? Then this one, right? There is a very less angle.
Nitin Srivastava: Right, right.
Ramakrishna T: Right? But if you take it distance-wise.
Ramakrishna T: Some, some guy is, like, let's say, example, even though, he's here, Okay, some, some guy.
Ramakrishna T: And, and, if you take this guy is more similar, yes, he is more similar.
Ramakrishna T: Right? So, cosine similarity calculates like this. The angles. But the distance-wise, it'll take, like, in a multidimensional space.
Ramakrishna T: Then, Euclidean distance is actual distance.
Ramakrishna T: The actual perpendicular distance you can think of.
Ramakrishna T: Okay, but in the cosine similarities, just the angular difference only. So, which will be a more… better representation is what
Ramakrishna T: statistically, it is proven that, yeah, most of these similarity metrics, actually the Euclidean much better. Sorry, the cosine similarity works much better.
Ramakrishna T: You can try with… that's a play around. These are parameters you can control, that's okay.
Ramakrishna T: But the more application is important.
Ramakrishna T: Independent of the distance. The application perspective, you understood everyone, right?
Ramakrishna T: So, we have on the fast, who has… which has a ticket description and the result.
Ramakrishna T: And then, you do have a new ticket when it comes.
Ramakrishna T: Then, finding the most similar tickets which has resolved in the same path.
Ramakrishna T: That is very important. Otherwise, he's taking 5-10 minutes minimum.
Ramakrishna T: Just to find that most similar one. Because you… do you think human reads 100K documents?
Ramakrishna T: Just finding a similarity.
Abdul Nagur Ali Khan Mohammad: It is weird.
Ramakrishna T: difficult. And human is biased again.
Ramakrishna T: Because if you look at, maybe 10 sentences, yeah, now I gained a lot of knowledge.
Ramakrishna T: I am the expert, he will feel everyone, not just him.
Ramakrishna T: Perfect.
Ramakrishna T: Right? So, we know everything is what everyone believes.
Ramakrishna T: By looking at maybe 10 sentences, yeah, these are, like, more… yeah, we got a lot of understanding.
Ramakrishna T: Human feels it. But is that sufficient? Not. Do we have… do we have any sample code to…
Abdul Nagur Ali Khan Mohammad: represent this system, I mean, solving this problem, or any of the similar problem, for example. You said earlier you worked on something with the novice, right?
Abdul Nagur Ali Khan Mohammad: You said, let's say we get some query that is, categorized to, let's say, some topic, right? So, okay, so let's say these are, let's say 100 queries.
Abdul Nagur Ali Khan Mohammad: So those are categorized to, let's say, these topics. Or maybe the similar problem what you're explaining, you know. Do we get any sample code?
Abdul Nagur Ali Khan Mohammad: Or do you need to spend right, and does it take so much time, or…
Ramakrishna T: No, no, writing code will not take time. You just ask ChatGPT. Now I want to find a document similar.
Ramakrishna T: It's not… code is not important, it's your experience, guys. You can, like, with the Copilot, with the advanced AI tools that we have in the market, like, maybe…
Ramakrishna T: Even, nowadays, Claud also, right? This. Last week, they've released Cloud. Even better than Copilot.
Ramakrishna T: You can be able to generate just given a prompt. But understanding this, which side, what kind of applications, what are the real applications you can build, it is very important. I can show you sentence similarity, which I have anyway, is the code that if you want, I can walk you through that as well. That's okay. But yeah.
Ramakrishna T: This is the application that we are talking about. Sentence, similarity.
Ramakrishna T: probably the… you can think of, the resolutions, or similar resolutions in the past. You can think… you can name anything.
Ramakrishna T: Similar incident resolutions. It's the project many companies are using currently like this pro- like this approach.
Ramakrishna T: How many of you think, like, how many of you are aware of this is happening in the industry in your real time? ServiceNow?
Ramakrishna T: Or maybe any other tickets.
Abhishek Shrivastwa: Yeah, once ServiceNow is there, then we have Confluence, where we look for the documents. So, I think this can also be leveraged in searching the documents over Confluence page.
Pratibha Tomar: So, Rama, one question here, the last use case that you talked about, you know, around creating a system which, you know, helps the support team and the ServiceNow example. So, what exact tech stack will be required to implement this?
Ramakrishna T: Please don't… Whatever ticket descriptions you… people will write, usually, right?
Ramakrishna T: So, I said, I gave you an example, the laptop, my display is not working. Example, right? So, when the display is not working.
Ramakrishna T: Okay, what are the resolution steps they have to follow? So, the first step, maybe, resolution step, is they have raised a complaint with the manufacturer or the, let's say, HP, or Adel, or Mac, Apple.
Ramakrishna T: Okay? Then, they'll wait for, like, maybe a one-hour time, or, sorry, one day time to wait their response, and then probably the, after the response, then,
Ramakrishna T: how much, actually, is that, we can conclude, is the employer has to pay, or is it, something, is there any, first of all, amount is there, what was the resolution? All this you have to know, right? So… so that is something, yeah.
Ramakrishna T: based on the resolution steps, is that, like, like, let's say there will be a confusion, right? Is it the employee to pay? We don't know.
Ramakrishna T: Right? Maybe in the resolution, maybe in the similar, we might have found this kind of similar case.
Ramakrishna T: So, maybe, probably a 50K bucks, then it is a repair cost and all, right? Though it is not covered under warranty, what is covered under warranty, there's a lot of questions around it, right? So, hence, all of them will be understood by the solution that they have taken, based on the ticket description.
Ramakrishna T: So you will find the most similar, ticket description… based on the ticket description, you will go and search by the… you can also add more, granular level when you're searching it. So, this is just the encoder embeddings.
Ramakrishna T: So, when you are searching it, you can add, is it through Apple, is it through HP? So, all these are, you can go to a lot of granular and then search it. So this is just a semantic search again. Semantic search, based on, you can apply a lot many filters.
Ramakrishna T: Anything more here? Yeah, let's go back to the…
Ramakrishna T: Maybe the practical, how descendant similarities are calculated.
Nitin Srivastava: It is a bi-directional only, tax for encoder only.
Ramakrishna T: It is better, for sure, right? So, you remember the, I said the… when you are calculating the attention itself, it looks at all the neighbor words. Right, correct. Okay, the future words, the present words, the fast words, whatnot, right? So, it looks at all the entire context, it looks at.
Ramakrishna T: while constructing. You remember the Jalmar, Jamar, this one, blog? So he, he explains all this, one word, it com… combines from, multiple, words in the same sentence.
Ramakrishna T: Same sentence means you give us context, basically, right? You're… you're actually sending some prompt. Let's say, example, ChatGPT, you're writing, like, I'm looking for… I'm… I'm trying to learn, probably…
Ramakrishna T: Transformers, could you help me with the links example?
Ramakrishna T: Right? So, this is the sentence that you are passing to a ChatGPT prompter. So now, this will be constructed a vector altogether at the end. Then it will find the nearest answers that was responded, simple as simple as. And then what was the response that I need to give? It should frame it.
Ramakrishna T: That's the beauty of this.
Ramakrishna T: Okay, let's move our back.
Nitin Srivastava: Ramon, one question, one more question. How, how, how, frequently you applied encoder-only model in your practical life?
Ramakrishna T: encoder models are applied, we don't apply directly, like, in agents, right? So, whenever we calculate this, similarity, and then classifications, we can use, actually, these models very heavily.
Nitin Srivastava: Okay, okay.
Sanjay Khandelwal: One use case, if I can just highlight. So, I work at Justile, and we have listings of about 50 million merchants, right, in India.
Sanjay Khandelwal: And a lot of time, we have data of another, let's say, 10 million merchants, and one of the biggest problems we have is to match these and see which merchants are already there on our platform, and only then take the rest of them on our platform live.
Sanjay Khandelwal: So in those cases, it becomes very critical to match details of these two datasets and see if the merchants exist on the platform. So earlier, we used to do it using certain crude rules, and then we built a simple system using BERT.
Sanjay Khandelwal: And then, about 60% of the data which used to remain in the backlog, and this data counters in terms of millions, eventually started flowing very easily. So almost our entire backlog was cleared within months, which was there for years.
Ramakrishna T: Right, yeah, yeah. I think that's a… Traditional example, yes, yeah?
Ramakrishna T: These are the encoders, actually, yes. BERT is an encoder model.
Ramakrishna T: Okay, so let's, let me give you one heads-up of this one, right? So how it is actually sentence, embeddings, you will calculate, whatnot, right?
Ramakrishna T: So… Yeah. Do you see my screen?
Ramakrishna T: So, sentence transformers… are you able to see my screen, right?
Gaurav Tiwari: Yup.
Abhishek Srivastava: Yes, Victor.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, so Sentence Transformers is a library where, it is based on the encoder's
Ramakrishna T: specific model. So it gives you… for a given sentence, it gives you embeddings. So the sentence-level embeddings, again, constructed based on the different, tokens, or the different words.
Ramakrishna T: On top of that, they have calculated the sentence level emittings. The overall, the… when you give sentence transformers, this is very, very popular, and it is heavily used in this, industry, sentence transformer library, right? So, like, if I give you a sentence.
Ramakrishna T: This will get you a embedding representation of that particular sentence. Let's go to this.
Ramakrishna T: So, sentence transformer supports, like, lot many models, but I'm just using the Mini LM, which is trained on, you know, again, encore-specific models, all Mini LM, L6V2, so these are, like, available in the internet. So, I am downloading, and then you see, if I'm trying… I have 3 sentences, I just put it. Patient has a fever and cough, the person is suffering from flu.
Ramakrishna T: And stock market crashed today.
Ramakrishna T: So, if you see these three sentences, I am trying to understand which sentences are more similar.
Ramakrishna T: Okay? And which sentences are, like, make more sense. And then I'm trying to calculate… first is, from these 3 sentences.
Ramakrishna T: you pass to a model, which is sentence transformers, and then just encode. This encoder will give you, this is embeddings, basically.
Ramakrishna T: Write model.encode of sentences, and this will give you, for every sentence.
Ramakrishna T: embeddings, so 3 embeddings, it'll come, so it's… since it is 3 sentences, and we are trying to calculate the similarity for every, sentence to another sentence, like 3 across 3 metrics, basically. Then, if you calculate the similarity, just if you see, right, this is how the similarity would be.
Ramakrishna T: So, you see, the first sentence to first sentence, of course, the 100% similarity, right? Never a problem. Then, you see the second sentence.6153.
Ramakrishna T: Which is almost very good similarity, you see. But the last sentence, you see, first sentence to the third sentence. This is 3 cross 3 matrix, basically. So, first sentence 2, next 3 sentences, what is the similarity is the first row.
Ramakrishna T: So, if you, if you see here, I'll just copy this one.
Ramakrishna T: And then paste here, right?
Ramakrishna T: So… Right? You're able to see this, right?
Ramakrishna T: Or should I increase this? Now, is it okay?
Abhishek Srivastava: No, it's clear, it's clear.
Ramakrishna T: Okay? So now, first sentence to first sentence, definitely is 100%, because it's all similar, because we are trying to calculate the similarity.
Ramakrishna T: Right? And then, the first two second sentence, you see .6153. They're like, you see the context
Ramakrishna T: how it is learned. Patient has a fever and cough, and the person is suffering from flu. But it's not a very… like, exactly the, you know, the…
Ramakrishna T: Words, if you see, They are not matching at all.
Ramakrishna T: If you see.
Ramakrishna T: But, the similarity is how it is learned, you see, 0.6153 is, like, more of similarity. Like, 0.5 and above is, like, you think of, it's more similar. Okay? And then, the third one is completely dissimilar, you see, it's close to 0.
Ramakrishna T: Which is completely dismal. So this cosine similarity will give you from ranging from 0 to 1. 1 means the very similar, 0 means completely dissimilar.
Ramakrishna T: Okay, so in between any .5 means, like, it's, like, 50% is unable to make a decision. But 0.5 and above means similar, you can think of, and the .07 means it's very dissimilar you can think of. Any, any sentence you want me to try here?
Abhishek Srivastava: Just a quick question, Ram. So, instead of stock market crash today, if we say patient does not have fever and cup, what similarity will it give?
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, let's try.
Abhishek Srivastava: The patient does not have… Does not have fever and cough.
Ramakrishna T: This is a good sentence.
Ramakrishna T: Oh, sorry, this will get through an error.
Ramakrishna T: Wait.
Ramakrishna T: Now let's play.
Ramakrishna T: Let's see.
Ramakrishna T: See?
Ramakrishna T: This is very similar.
Ramakrishna T: Right?
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, you see, this is how it came.
Abhishek Shrivastwa: Okay. But on Transformer, we learned that it will have sentiment and,
Abhishek Shrivastwa: Right, so, sentence 1 and sentence 4, I mean, sentence 1 is saying that patients having fever and cough.
Ramakrishna T: But fourth is saying it doesn't have fever and cough, so it…
Abhishek Shrivastwa: It doesn't give the sentiment, right?
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, it does not give sentiment.
Abhishek Shrivastwa: It is good.
Ramakrishna T: Forget about the sentiment, Ankit. So, sentiments, we are not learning. But only thing is, we are trying to learn the contextual behavior of the sentences here.
Ramakrishna T: Okay, so…
NITIN SRIVASTAVA: bucket.
Ramakrishna T: Patient has fever and cough, is also more similar towards this.
Ramakrishna T: That is what it is saying. But in the reality, it is not, right? So, that is the problem of this particular model. So, this model is a very mini LLM.
Ramakrishna T: So, very, very, like, it's just a million of, parameters. It's not even, like, a 500 million, I think maybe 2-3 million parameters.
Ramakrishna T: So, you will not get, much similar. The same if you ask, let's say, GPT models, clearly it will be able to differentiate, because that is trained, like, that's, someone is asking, right? What is that, question? I don't remember who is asking, but yeah, what is the advantage of having multiple encoders?
Ramakrishna T: are multiple decoders, right? So this model, mini-LLM, mini-LM is, like, basically trained with a very, very… I don't remember, but, so it must have trained with very less encoders.
Ramakrishna T: Okay, it is not as trained as, like, a bigger. So if you keep adding encoders, encoders, encoders, encoders, right? Or the decoders more, then you will learn much better in differentiating between these three.
Ramakrishna T: this one now. So, this is just a mini LLM, right? So, hence, you'll not be able to differentiate. But if you go to a…
Ramakrishna T: Any better LLM? Definitely, yes, this will be able to differentiate. That is the difference between having more encoders and more decoders.
Abhishek Srivastava: Is it possible to see, like, what all this…
Abhishek Srivastava: parameters or encoders this mini-LM has? Or is it a pre-built which.
Ramakrishna T: This one? No, this is pre-built. We cannot train a model, guys, first thing, okay? We… we don't have systems to train such combinations. Like, you can train a model with, like, at least you need to have maybe 4 or 5 GPUs in their current systems.
Abhishek Srivastava: Okay.
Ramakrishna T: Okay, okay, so probably I can, if you want, okay, so…
Abhishek Srivastava: Oliver's interested in seeing us, how it is…
Ramakrishna T: Sorry?
Abhishek Srivastava: How it is constructed, that's what I was trying to understand.
Abhishek Srivastava: In the backend.
Ramakrishna T: This one?
Abhishek Srivastava: Yeah.
Ramakrishna T: This one is, like, trained on, like I said, right? Okay. So if you want to understand this similar, like, how they have trained is, they've used all the data internet, but with smaller data points for not definitely entire internet data. Definitely, they won't take.
Ramakrishna T: Right? So this is just a mini LM, right? So, mini language model, simple. So what they have trained is, like, they must have trained with a small data, and then maybe few encoders, then they have trained the data. Like, using the same attention mechanism. Encoder will not change any concept. Concept-wise, encoder, like, self-attentions, and then feed for on your network.
Ramakrishna T: The way that they are trained with less data, with lesser encoders, so hence the model will not learn much better, but it will be available for easy to quick experiments. So, like, this will be giving, like, maybe you see if you think of it, right? So, it will not be, you are able to download in, like, two, like, it's less than a second, right? Probably. But if you are, like, getting to a, like, maybe I have a sentence transformer.
Ramakrishna T: You can check in the internet, lot many models are there in this itself.
Ramakrishna T: So, probably if I take you to the sentence transformer models.
Abhishek Srivastava: If I want to see, like, if there is any small model, then what all are the parameters coded there, and what is the initial weight? Are there any open models where I can see that?
Ramakrishna T: Where in the total models?
Abhishek Srivastava: So this model is more like a black box, right? We just give it data, and it gives us an output. If I want to see how that model is coded, like, what parameters the developers decided to keep.
Abhishek Srivastava: Do we have any collections somewhere? Like, on Hugging Face or something?
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, yeah, this, this is the place.
Ramakrishna T: Am I sharing screen of the ugging face?
Abhishek Srivastava: Yeah, you're showing sentence transformers.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, this, this one. Now, you need to see how many, see, this, library has this, all the, what, what models they have, what training examples, you can see how they have trained. So, pre-trained models they have, pre-trained models, you see. Like, you can try some, some, like this, Claudev3, whatnot, right? So, a lot of models, you see.
Ramakrishna T: Here.
Ramakrishna T: So, which model you want to try, it's up to you. But there are a lot of models which supports, actually.
Ramakrishna T: So, in this itself. So, you can try, like, different, different, like, this is the model that I've taken now, right?
Ramakrishna T: This one is, if you want to understand this model, how they have trained, You can go to here…
Ramakrishna T: Probably.
Ramakrishna T: And just try this one, right?
Ramakrishna T: Right? Yeah, this one. You see?
Ramakrishna T: Probably…
Ramakrishna T: So, this one, you have.
Ramakrishna T: How they have trained. See, 1 billion only, they have trained. Just 1B sentence param… just 1 billion parameter data sets they have trained.
Ramakrishna T: Not very, very high.
Ramakrishna T: Right? So just, and then they have trained also, you see, 7 TPUs.
Ramakrishna T: We are trained with.
Ramakrishna T: So probably all this we require.
Ramakrishna T: So, how they have trained, they explained.
Ramakrishna T: So, this is the dataset.
Ramakrishna T: We use the pre-trained. This already trained something from, again, the different models.
Ramakrishna T: So, like, on top of this, they have trained.
Ramakrishna T: Okay.
Ramakrishna T: See, they… you need to have some, at least this one we trained, 100K steps using batch size, the learning rate, and a sequence length of… was limited to 128 tokens, only takes the optimizers, whatnot, right? They have also mentioned training script here.
Ramakrishna T: The training data. So, these are the richest papers that you want to read.
Ramakrishna T: Number of training samples, okay? So, from where they took examples, you see, data sets, reddit, comments.
Ramakrishna T: Okay? And then, wiki answers they have taken. They have taken from, like, maybe all these, like, different,
Ramakrishna T: papers, tech exchange, they have taken some pairs. These are the examples, the number of training examples they have taken, like this, each of them.
Ramakrishna T: These are all… you can go through, these are the datasets that they have mentioned.
Ramakrishna T: So, almost 1 billion.
Abhishek Srivastava: Datasets they have taken.
Ramakrishna T: Right? Yeah, but we cannot train this, why do we need to train when we have something? On top of that.
Abhishek Srivastava: No, no, I'm not…
Ramakrishna T: Customize.
Abhishek Srivastava: I'm not saying if you want to train it, I was just trying to see, like, if it's a small model, what data parameters did they decide to use?
Abhishek Srivastava: On which? What?
Ramakrishna T: What data parameters?
Abhishek Srivastava: So basically, there would be some inputs defined for this, right, and some weights.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, yeah, yeah. You see, one more thing. This, you see, if you are passing more than 250 word pieces, which means 250 tokens.
Ramakrishna T: then it's truncated, means it will not be used. So that is the limitation, you see? So, if you have a, like, a more, like, ticket descriptions, if you see, if you are talking about, like, maybe if you are getting 500 words, 1000 words overall, then this model may not be useful for you.
Ramakrishna T: Right? You need to go better models. Better, like, it's just a mini-LM, guys, yeah, it's very, very simple model, just for easy experimentation, but the concept will not change. You will be having, instead of 5 encoders, then maybe, 10 encoders will come in the next
Ramakrishna T: releases, models. But yeah, so… that's the one thing that you need to learn. Simple as simple as that. So…
Ramakrishna T: So, this is also a model that they have trained. See, this is 6 layers. 6 layers means 6 encoders.
Ramakrishna T: Okay?
kaviya Natarajan: Mama, I have a question. So, when we go for big LLMs, right, we increase the number of encoders, I mean, the layer of encoders. Is there, have they tried, like, training the big LLM using some small LLMs?
kaviya Natarajan: Is that a possibility as well?
Ramakrishna T: Be training a larger LLM with smaller LLMs, you're saying?
kaviya Natarajan: Yeah, instead of increasing the encoder, encoder's count, like, I'm just asking, is that a possibility, or have they done something like that?
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, definitely, if, let's say, example, the GPT-5, how they have trained is using GPT-4 only, okay? So, it is not like, they will again start from scratch.
Ramakrishna T: Right? So they will have, all the already measured metrics from the GPT-4, and they will use GPT-4 for them to train the models, okay? And they will just add GPT-4, you have, let's say, let's say, example, probably, 300 layers.
Ramakrishna T: Okay? It will be more, but I'm just telling you that 300 layers, but now they will add, 3.01, 3.2, 3.3.
Ramakrishna T: Okay, and then they will, again, using the same datasets, then, they will further train it, they will increase the datasets more, they will further train it, they will see the loss function if it is reduced more, then they will name as GPT-5. Simple.
kaviya Natarajan: Okay, gotcha.
Ramakrishna T: So they will, train on top of the GPT-4 only. They will not train again from scratch, build, rebuilding everything, no, they will not do that.
Ramakrishna T: Because it requires a lot of computational power, which is useless, again, not required.
Ramakrishna T: So every model is trained on top of one on the other other, right? That is what, how it is built.
kaviya Natarajan: UK.
Ramakrishna T: Okay.
Ramakrishna T: So, yeah, again, this model is very, very, very simple model. 2017 models, you can think of, like, yeah, the very 6 encoders is, like, very, very less models, right? So, hence, you will not get a better representation. If you want a better representation, yes, you can go to the another better models as well. So, you will see still, like, let's say, example.
Ramakrishna T: But I… we will not be able to run in our 1GBs, 3GBs, right? So, yeah, embedding model data sets, this is probably the models we can take, better models.
Ramakrishna T: Right.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, there is a, same you can run with OpenAI embeddings.
Ramakrishna T: If you have an OpenAI key, this best model right now people are using is the OpenAI embeddings. So, there's a vector embeddings, you see?
Ramakrishna T: So, if you are able to have this, text embeddings 3 small, from OpenAI itself is there, then you can find, like, the same input, the formats, all these things, embeddings you will get. This is just with the lengths of, like, 3-4 lines of code.
Ramakrishna T: Okay? But, only thing is, you need to have a key for this. Like, you see how much is the cost that they put, you see?
Ramakrishna T: Pages for dollar, you can have, like, you can, generate one for $1, then you can generate 62,000 documents, probably.
Ramakrishna T: Pages means, okay? So, 9,000, large if you want to use 12,400. So, yeah, they have trained on… how they have trained open embeddings, how they have got, and then there will be a score for this, and then all this… it's also customizable. You can read this.
Ramakrishna T: Okay?
Ramakrishna T: So this is… is the better in the market at this moment.
Ramakrishna T: From comparing with the embeddings, but this requires pricing.
Ramakrishna T: It's not a free. Free model is like this one, what we have in the sentence transformers.
Ramakrishna T: Okay, let's go back. Anyways… So, conceptually, you're clear?
kaviya Natarajan: Yeah.
kaviya Natarajan: Yes.
Nitin Srivastava: Yes, little bit.
Ramakrishna T: Little bit, yeah. Oh.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, so let's… let's see. I'm… I'm just giving, like, another, also, I think just I have… I was trying to illustrate another one, just to tell you.
Ramakrishna T: That… yeah, okay. So, let's… let's say I have put 5-6 sentences. Okay, 6 sentences.
Ramakrishna T: And, You can see…
Ramakrishna T: how these are, like, linked. You can think of, like, which sentences are more meaningful, more similar for you, right? So, I'm giving, like, 6 sentences, right?
Ramakrishna T: The six sentences is, like, you see, first and second is more similar. In a way, it talks about healthcare, it talks about the problems of the person, right? And then, second, third, and fourth is, like, more of related to the stocks.
Ramakrishna T: Right? Do you agree? And then, the last one is related to the more of, like, a…
Ramakrishna T: Fruit-related, right? So, whether, like, eating habits, probably.
Ramakrishna T: Are you clear on this? So, in this, now I'm trying to see, like, when we are constructing embeddings with the same language model, alright, and how is it appearing in terms of the embeddings, and I'm trying to visualize it with the two dimensions, and where is it falling under? If you see, overall, you see…
Ramakrishna T: In the representation, the bananas and the fruits, like, whatnot, right? So, eating habits. See.
Ramakrishna T: They are, like, more similar. Similarity, the stock, also more similar in terms of that. And then, again, the healthcare related, they are also more similar, you see. That's the, beauty of this application. So, hence, what I'm trying to say in overall is.
Ramakrishna T: In the incident classification, when you say the descriptions, more similar ones will be falling under one cluster, then more other, like, maybe related to the another topic, it will fall under another one, another place. So, hence, whenever you calculate the similarity, probably from a given incident, it will pull the sentences from that particular cluster, or the group.
Ramakrishna T: Only.
Ramakrishna T: Then it will show you the… it will show you that particular incident, how they have solved it. So this is the applications, these kind of things that you can build, because you see clearly that they are differently grouped.
Ramakrishna T: In a way, depends on the topic that here you see observed.
Ramakrishna T: Is it clear?
Ramakrishna T: Does it make, like, more clear now to you that, how these sentences are grouped?
Ramakrishna T: After the embeddings, and then how, it is really totally present. I can add more sentences if you want.
Ramakrishna T: Do you want me to add more?
Ramakrishna T: Anything?
Ramakrishna T: Just try it out.
Ramakrishna T: Probably I can try.
Ramakrishna T: Anyone?
Abhishek Srivastava: You can say this is Agentic AI course, let's see.
Gaurav Tiwari: Can you, can you, can you also add, patients need to eat fruits?
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, exactly, I understood. I am also thinking.
Gaurav Tiwari: Patient needs to…
Ramakrishna T: Have fruits, okay?
Ramakrishna T: Okay, then? Any other?
Prasana Parthasarathi: The medicine is not available in the market.
Ramakrishna T: Medicine… is not available.
Ramakrishna T: In the market.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah.
Abhinav Singh: This is…
Gaurav Tiwari: of falling, like, happens.
Abhinav Singh: Update your KYC information.
Ramakrishna T: Dude.
Ramakrishna T: Your KYC.
Ramakrishna T: Information, okay?
Gaurav Tiwari: There's one more interesting one. Stock market is falling like apples.
Gaurav Tiwari: That's good.
Ramakrishna T: Calling it like a apple.
Abhishek Srivastava: For this agent, okay.
Kishlay Kumar: Tell me. Don't, don't…
Ramakrishna T: No, no, no, no, no.
Selvaraju Ponnusamy: Craziest guy in the market.
Ramakrishna T: Don't judge the quality of my teaching based on this, okay?
Ramakrishna T: Please, don't do that. This is just a language model, okay? So, what is that other sentence?
Selvaraju Ponnusamy: Banana is in the banana price is in the market high.
Ramakrishna T: Banana… Right, he sees?
Selvaraju Ponnusamy: Very high in the market.
Ramakrishna T: Very high in the market.
Kishlay Kumar: Yeah.
Ramakrishna T: Very interesting examples.
Kishlay Kumar: Banana causes flu.
Ramakrishna T: God, this… Flu, okay.
Ramakrishna T: Any other?
Ramakrishna T: Good?
Ramakrishna T: Okay, let me try this.
Ramakrishna T: Hopefully this will crash in the systems.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, no C, yeah.
Ramakrishna T: Okay, so it has to represent in two dimensions, guys. Think of, like, you cannot represent everything, so I'm trying to represent everything in two dimensions, so more, yeah.
Ramakrishna T: Patient needs to have fruits. I think, Gaurav, you see, that's, it is not, related to this at all.
Ramakrishna T: Is it clear? And also, it is not related to the fruits. It's very important.
Gaurav Tiwari: Thank you.
Ramakrishna T: It is clearly differentiated. And banana classes flew also. It, it did not,
Ramakrishna T: Put into the… any of this.
Abhishek Srivastava: This banana causes flu, this should have been at the bottom right, where we are…
Abhishek Srivastava: Right. They're supposed to do.
Kishlay Kumar: Right.
Ramakrishna T: Yes. But, this is more of a… yeah.
Kishlay Kumar: It's more of, like.
Ramakrishna T: This is maybe probably, it's related to the patient…
Abhishek Srivastava: issues or whatnot, right? Is this model deriving context of each statement separately, or it is biased based on what is above it?
Ramakrishna T: No, no, no, it is, it is independent.
Abhishek Srivastava: Independent group.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, independent. If you want, I can remove one, at least, for your.
Rajesh Shankaranarayana: Or maybe if we say banana causes flu to the patient, maybe it will come to the…
Ramakrishna T: Probably, yeah.
Amit Kharod: And, Rama, like, the repeatability of this model, like, if I keep on checking on it multiple times, will it give the same results, or they're going to vary?
Ramakrishna T: No, no, it won't vary, usually.
Amit Kharod: It won't…
Ramakrishna T: It won't… because these are, like, mostly… there is no randomness in this, yeah.
Ramakrishna T: There's… there will be… there should not be a randomness, yeah.
Ramakrishna T: Because these are, like, fixed, encoders, or, like, always, model is trained already. It's just, what it does is, one, when you send it, how it does is, it will, construct… it will pass this input to,
Ramakrishna T: Based on the position of the vectors, and then it will give you the… to the encoder. Encoder has a simple think of, like, it's a matrix. Matrix is frozen. So your matrix is nothing but weights. It is frozen, now it is multiplied with this input, and then gives you the final output score.
Ramakrishna T: Only when it gives your enemies, sometimes, the…
Ramakrishna T: if it is very similar, right? So, probably, if I'm predicting, let's say, next word example, the next word is, like, I also… word 500 and word 1000 is having the same probability.55, 0.55, right? And then sometimes it chooses randomly in that. So then, that time it will change
Ramakrishna T: The words. Maybe that randomness of choosing one word, from the prob- when equal probability, that time, only change will happen. Otherwise, it's very unlikely, but yeah, that is the only cause… place where it'll change.
Abhishek Srivastava: Can you try one more sentence? Yeah. This sentence does not have any context to it, it is just…
Abhishek Srivastava: He has lived.
Abhishek Srivastava: It does not have… yeah, he… there is no sentiment, there is no context. Can you see where it places the…
Ramakrishna T: I think it is referring to my class, I looks like. Yeah.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, he has left, I don't know, where is it? He has left, yeah, in the middle, we left him.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah. So I think, yeah, I think stock market is falling like Apple. I think that… I think you see this is the beauty of this, right? So, it's very, very nearby, right? But still, it understood in a more context, right?
Ramakrishna T: I think, yeah, this is good. I think, yeah. Update K wave information, and this is agent TK course. And don't assume that they are very similar, okay? They put in the… because it has to represent… because this is, like, multi-dimensional, guys, right? So, 512 vector length, it'll usually come.
Ramakrishna T: So, it has to… we are condensing it and show it to, two representatives, and that means that they are not similar.
Ramakrishna T: They might be very dissimilar if you are, like, putting another dimension to it. But yeah, so, probably, they are, like, that does not mean that very similar, okay? Just think of like this. So, banana price is very high in the market. I don't know, where is it? It has to, yeah.
Ramakrishna T: And then, I love eating apples. Banana are my favorite fruit, I think, yeah. Patients need to have fruits. Again, banana causes fruit to the patient.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, I think still, yeah, medicine is not available in the market. Yeah, I think, yeah, this is how it is there at this moment, yeah.
Ramakrishna T: Okay, anything more? It's good. Do you make a sense of this? How is it behaving?
Abhishek Srivastava: So, when we say that banana causes flu to the patient, and it's… Component 2 is almost 0.2.
Abhishek Srivastava: So, that means the relevance of this statement with all the rest is… This must match, right? 1.2.
Ramakrishna T: It should match with this one, right? You're saying?
Abhishek Srivastava: No, no, I'm not saying.
Ramakrishna T: So when I'm… when you say…
Abhishek Srivastava: Banana causes flu in the patient. It is near 0.2 on the left, on the y-axis, right?
Ramakrishna T: Near this one? This one? This closure?
Abhishek Srivastava: So we… you have X and Y axes.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, this one.
Abhishek Srivastava: Yeah, so on Y, the.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, yeah, ideally, patient needs to have fruits, and banana causes flu to the patient, okay? Yeah, probably, this we are saying in a different time, right? It causes flu, but yeah, patient needs to have fruits is definitely different from the banana causes flu, right? Yeah.
Abhishek Srivastava: I got that, but what I'm saying is, banana causes flu to the patient is almost 0.2, near 0.2 scale, right?
Ramakrishna T: Near point of scale.
Ramakrishna T: No, this is, like, just a representation, it's, it's… oh, this 0.2, okay, I understood what you're saying. This is, like, just a… it, it has to come in, like, 1, 2, scale of 0.2. We… we represent it in two components.
Ramakrishna T: If you see one-sentence embeddings, right? So, like, just to see embeddings, how it is, actually, if you just see the embeddings, right?
Ramakrishna T: Alright, so this is, you see how is that, like, embeddings of, 0, then probably, then 0.
Ramakrishna T: then this… I think, okay.
Ramakrishna T: Then we'll not row, okay?
Ramakrishna T: Right? So this, see, this is how it is there, for one sentence.
Ramakrishna T: Okay? So, it has to… we are… we… like, maybe if you ask, then just a length of this, okay? So, Eliana of this one, then it is… it should be a… Where is it? 384.
Ramakrishna T: Vector link.
Ramakrishna T: So, this 384 lecture length, we cannot visualize in the overall, right? So, hence, there is a concept to reduce the dimension from 384 to 2 dimension, 3 dimension, 4 dimensions. That is what we are using to show.
Ramakrishna T: That is where principal component analysis is all about, PCEA. So, it is, we are reducing from this 384 to two-dimensional for our human understandable, because otherwise humans cannot understand 384 dimensions.
Ramakrishna T: Otherwise, it'll be like this. So, what will you understand?
Ramakrishna T: So, it will be like this. We'll not be able to understand 0.05, 0.03, minus 0.03, like this, right? You see?
Ramakrishna T: It's a 384 in length. So, instead now, what we are coming is into a two-dimension, simple.
Ramakrishna T: Right? Something like this. So, minus 0.2… Oh my.
Ramakrishna T: Minus 0.4. One point.
Ramakrishna T: This is one sentence. The second sentence will have 0.5 comma 0.1, something like this.
Ramakrishna T: Right? So that they are very dissimilar is what…
Ramakrishna T: Based on this, it is very similar, so hence it is also plotting into that dimensions.
Ramakrishna T: Okay. So, there is no meaning to point to here.
Ramakrishna T: It's just a representation. From all dimensions, it is reducing to this particular two dimensionals.
Ramakrishna T: Simple as simple as that.
Abhishek Srivastava: Okay, I got it.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah.
Ravi Pitla: Ramad, can we consider this, follow the, the skip grow method, method? Because… Mostly, we are…
Ravi Pitla: The matching is, based on the root word.
Ramakrishna T: No, no, this is not Kipgram. Kipgram is… you see only world level, you will get embeddings. And, this is… this is more, meaningful, right? This is more, like, based on the…
Ramakrishna T: context it is able to understand. See, stock market crash today is different from stock fell sharply in the trading, or stock market is falling like Apple. So, all these are more related. You see, these three groups. These three are in one group, you can think of.
Ramakrishna T: So, this is not based on World 2WIC or Skipgram or CBO approach. This is based on a transformer attention models. That is why the attention model is trained in a way that model is, like, trained to understand more of a contextual behavior, because its model is trained in that direction.
Ravi Pitla: Okay.
Ramakrishna T: This is completely different, actually. This is more advanced methods.
Gaurav Tiwari: Rama, quick question about where do we run this more frequently? So, all these transformer-based codes, should we run in the Google Colab or on Jupyter?
Ramakrishna T: Where's, GPUs?
Gaurav Tiwari: Yeah, I keep running into issues with my, you know, on my web interface where I'm running this in Jupyter Colab.
Ramakrishna T: No, no, that is, usually you require to have a GPU. It can run in CPU also, but only thing is it will not be fast.
Ramakrishna T: This is, again, a very minimal model, right? Very minimum, 6 coin quarters means, like, probably it is not even a 500 million parameter model, okay? So, like, think of, like, if you're getting into a situation, like, maybe 2 billion parameter, like Lama.
Ramakrishna T: 6 billion, 7 billion, maybe 80 billion, we cannot run in this. So you have to run in the… any of the cloud infrastructure. So the cloud infrastructure is our free open source is Google Collab.
Ramakrishna T: is the open source which GCP runs in the background.
Gaurav Tiwari: Okay, noted.
Ramakrishna T: So they give you this one. You see here, maybe change runtime type.
Ramakrishna T: you'll have a… I'm still running in CPU. By default, it'll be like this.
Ramakrishna T: Right? But yeah, still, like, a GPU, you need to… you can turn GPU, if you want TPU also, you can enable, right? And then you can… there is a paid also. If you are interested in paying premium GPUs you want, then, 800H generated GPUs are actually… we are using in the market.
Ramakrishna T: Right now.
Ramakrishna T: So, which is in the industry. Like, if you are opting, like, in terms of Google, AWS MH and everything, right? So, they provide with GPUs like this.
Ramakrishna T: 800, 800 GPUs. So, which will have a bigger RAMs, like 64GB RAMs, 128GB RAMs, then they… they give you better models you can run with. Then you can change this. We… we don't have enabled. Only T4 GPUs, like, a very minimal… minimum GPU, this is, again.
Ramakrishna T: And I don't think at TP also we can run very fast. So probably these two are, like, cheaper for us.
Ramakrishna T: And free to use for some time.
Ramakrishna T: And then, you can run through this if you want to purchase, but I don't recommend this at this moment. Just run in CPU, T4 GPU, you can run actually around this. If I change now, that will my entire collapse. Like, I need to… whatever is run again, I need to change.
Ramakrishna T: So that environment will be lost, okay. I don't want to do that now, yeah. Anyways…
Ramakrishna T: The smaller models, yes, you can still run. This is… this can run in CPU also, don't worry about this. This is a very smaller model.
Ramakrishna T: But if you want to… sorry, go ahead.
Sanjay Khandelwal: So, sorry, will we be covering, what exactly is Euclidean, distance, or,
Sanjay Khandelwal: A cosine similarity, or has it already been covered in the previous.
Ramakrishna T: No, no, we, we… that is the statistics.
Ramakrishna T: Right? So, we don't cover there, but yeah, you can think of, like, the distance measure. Like, this is how much is distance. It's just a formula only, nothing else. So, you know, you have two numbers, example, right? So, like, these two numbers. There are numbers here, there is another also similar like this, and, you just, like, maybe the… if you want a cosine similarity, there is a formula.
Ramakrishna T: Okay?
Ramakrishna T: Probably this is how it'll be, okay?
Ramakrishna T: So… the images… Right? Maybe formula, right?
Ramakrishna T: So, there is a formula like this. You need to think of like this.
Ramakrishna T: So, this is one vector, A means.
Ramakrishna T: Right?
Ramakrishna T: Okay, something is gone, yeah.
Ramakrishna T: So, this is a vector.
Ramakrishna T: Dot product, and magnitude, simple.
Ramakrishna T: So, dot product is, like,
Ramakrishna T: You, you know, right? 500 into every element to element, multiplication, and then sum it up.
Ramakrishna T: Right? And then… and then square root of, every, just to nullify the negative values, positive values, right? So there's… that's magnitude, and then magnitude, multiplication, simple. That's the formula. Then you map to every, vector-to-vector, simple. Like, example, here what it does is, where is that code? Yeah. So…
Ramakrishna T: Right, yeah, this one, right? It multiplies, it will give you the similarity.
Ramakrishna T: And then,
Ramakrishna T: for every word in the… like, if you have 10,000 documents, it will map to 10,000 documents from these sentences, and then it will find you the most, cosine similar. Cosine similarity, that value will come to 0 to 1.
Ramakrishna T: Simple as simple as that. So, top 5, if you ask, it will descend by the cosine similarity value, like, from 1 to 0, and then top 5, it'll pick, and then it'll show you.
Sanjay Khandelwal: Hmm, okay.
Ramakrishna T: Okay. There's nothing, there's just a formula. There's, like, cosine similarity is nothing to talk, actually. Just a formula, like, magnitude, you can tell, that's just a substitute of the formula, and then you will get all this.
Gaurav Tiwari: Rama, if you have… if you have one more minute, probably you can tell us, how do we read those pre-reads? For week 6, they shared some articles from, Cornell.
Gaurav Tiwari: University.
Gaurav Tiwari: But how do we… how do we read through them? Because there's a lot of different tabs that they have.
Gaurav Tiwari: Okay, okay.
Ramakrishna T: What is that? Can you show me, actually? Can you share your screen? I don't…
Gaurav Tiwari: I'm actually… let me just… Take one moment.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, Kanan, this file is already shared in the previous one, actually, so it's the sentence similarity.
Gaurav Tiwari: This is, this is one of the pre-reads that they shared.
Ramakrishna T: embeddings using semisbert networks. Yeah, this is sentence bot, right? Yeah. So how… I think I'll explain you tomorrow, okay?
Gaurav Tiwari: Okay.
Ramakrishna T: This is very, you know, this is just the encoder-based models, but again, what I'm saying is, Goro, you get only the, from the encoder, what will come, word embeddings. Each word, it'll come embeddings. Think of like this. It's, in a way, token embeddings, actually. So, you will get for every I, love, eating. So, for IE also, you'll get some embeddings, I love also, you'll get eating also, you'll get some apples also, you'll get.
Ramakrishna T: In the previous example that a patient has a flu, so patient has embeddings and then it has a flu embedding, right? Then how, from this word, is constructed sentence embeddings all about this paper?
Gaurav Tiwari: Okay, so basically we have to read these related papers.
Ramakrishna T: Right, yeah. You don't need to read, but yeah, just holistically, if you want to… if you have to read like this, then you have a 10,000 papers. We cannot read every paper, right? But just, holistically, what is it doing it, how they are doing it, just understand it.
Gaurav Tiwari: Okay, so only this section we should, you know, focus on…
Gaurav Tiwari: Yeah, just summarize it, and then write it, yeah, that's it.
Gaurav Tiwari: Okay.
Ramakrishna T: Just, yeah, just View PDF is there in the right side, right? Then, you can click that, and then, just upload to… probably this link, you can give it to ChatGPT, just summarize it. Probably it can give you that.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah. Don't understand too many in this paper, so probably there is a lot of math, there are a lot of… because they have written, probably, maybe, 5 years of their research.
Nitin Srivastava: Goro?
Ramakrishna T: That will take some time, yeah.
Nitin Srivastava: Gaurav, where did you find the pre… for the particular session?
Gaurav Tiwari: This is available in your, go to your camera.
Gaurav Tiwari: On the week 6, you know, tab, under modules, right, you will see these pre-reads available.
Nitin Srivastava: Okay, okay, got it.
Ramakrishna T: The intense birth they have given, okay, that's good. The intense birth is, like, the same, mini LM only.
Ramakrishna T: So… Yeah.
Ramakrishna T: We, we saw somewhere, right? If you remember? This one today?
Ramakrishna T: Yeah.
Ramakrishna T: So let me share that.
Ramakrishna T: So…
Ramakrishna T: This is the one that we are showing, right? Dagging phase. Sendens transform, today, what we are reading, all mini LM, right? L6.
Ramakrishna T: Right? So in this, if you go to, this Aging Face Collaborative Build Showcase your sentence transform models, then we have SBot.net. YesBot is sentence bot.
Ramakrishna T: So, this is the documentation, this is what you are showing there, if you just remember, right?
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, so from… these are all linked. So, you can see these are the embedding models.
Ramakrishna T: And, calculating re-ranker, if you want to calculate re-ranking, like, the, again, similarity ranking and all these things, like, how many people live in Berlin, all these questions.
Ramakrishna T: Then, these are, like, some things you can use these models, probably, yeah.
Ramakrishna T: This is what we studied now, yeah.
Ramakrishna T: Okay, so then, we have,
Ramakrishna T: You understood, about this today, right? So this chapter, like, sentence embeddings?
Ramakrishna T: So try it out, and then try with the different examples that you have, and then maybe, try to think, like, yeah, how is it actually generating it, probably in a…
Ramakrishna T: more way, like, probably, like, how the sentences are discriminated, how the sentences are similar. Then, think of, like, an application perspective, which applications actually you can solve in the real time. Like, maybe, probably connect to the R, work.
Ramakrishna T: and the applications that you are working every day, and then how it can be used, as I said last time, one example, incident descriptions, then we are finding the nearest incidents and the resolutions, then if you don't have that.
Ramakrishna T: then how much efforts that human has to spend to understand the 100K documents. And then human will always be biased in their decisions, for sure. But AI is not biased. If you train properly, that's a different story.
Ramakrishna T: Right? Again, we should look at the 100K sentences, calculate the cosine similarity, immediately you'll get that, in a fraction of less than a second. Because this is a very minimal model, right?
Ramakrishna T: So, you can still… accuracy might not be 100% right, but, you can just, less than a few milliseconds, it is, it is, able to come there.
Ramakrishna T: That's, important for us to understand.
Ramakrishna T: Okay, so that's all I have for today. Anything more we have?
Ramakrishna T: We'll… we can discuss.
Ravi Pitla: Yeah, Rama, general question. Yeah, this Codelab is, I mean, a paid tool, or I can use it?
Ramakrishna T: No, it's a free, Ravi, yeah. So, collab.research.google.com, so, this is the website, you can try, actually, so I'm just pasting here. This is… it's free for us.
Ramakrishna T: So you can change the run type, to a T4 GPU, and then start working around.
Ravi Pitla: Oh.
Ramakrishna T: You can try with the different models also. To everyone, all mini LM is the one model which I've given you, but yeah, you can try with any other models. Like, a lot many models are there in Hugging phase transformers. So, probably you can try to experiment with this, any of these Hugging phase, and then try to calculate, okay?
Ravi Pitla: Okay, okay. And, one more question. So, like, this is very new, for me, OLAB, so if you want to get, some updates about these new tools, so, is there any platform you recommend, so, to get the notifications?
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, we don't have any, such place, one place, but I can consolidate one for you, and then, maybe we'll circle back, okay? So, I think,
Ramakrishna T: Google Collab is definitely one which.
Abdul Nagur Ali Khan Mohammad: It's really popular.
Ramakrishna T: in the market, and this is very heavily used in the industry.
Ramakrishna T: So, if you want to… because there's something, you know, you want to work with free GPUs, right? We'll not get that. So, this is just for a research site, if people are asking us, so then we can use that.
Prasana Parthasarathi: We will be going step-by-step tomorrow in… with the Hugging Face and downloading the…
Ramakrishna T: Yes, Hagging Face I will show you tomorrow, yes, for sure, yes, we have that, I'm… I keep it in my mind, so probably Hagging Face is something I will cover you tomorrow, okay?
Prasana Parthasarathi: Thank you.
Abdul Nagur Ali Khan Mohammad: Hey, Arama, are you, are you in our, WhatsApp group?
Ramakrishna T: I am in one WhatsApp group, I don't know if you are there, but very few minimal people are there, I don't know. Yeah, is there anything… Yeah, I'm in one group, actually, with students.
Abdul Nagur Ali Khan Mohammad: Okay, okay. I am… we are in ILTM… hyphen Agentic AI groups.
Ramakrishna T: Let me see… what, which group you said?
Abdul Nagur Ali Khan Mohammad: ILTM?
Abdul Nagur Ali Khan Mohammad: hyphen Agentic AI.
Ramakrishna T: Okay, okay, sure, I think let me see, yeah.
Gaurav Tiwari: Some of the members can add that group name here, and Rama, you can join that.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, yeah, I think yes. I think you can send, which link, probably.
Abdul Nagur Ali Khan Mohammad: Okay.
Ramakrishna T: I think maybe Shaquille might be having that turn.
Nitin Srivastava: Send, sending, sending, sending. Bit.
Abdul Nagur Ali Khan Mohammad: classical format necessary.
Sanjay Khandelwal: someone during the session mentioned a paper or a blog or interview about BERT or Transformers. I don't know if the name was Jay Rahman of the author.
Sanjay Khandelwal: Can they share that on the…
Ramakrishna T: Whatever you need? Yeah, I think that is, not a problem. Yeah, we can send it.
Gaurav Tiwari: Putting that in the chat again, have a look.
Sanjay Khandelwal: Yay. Thanks, man.
Ramakrishna T: So, I'm also sending you this documentation for the sentence BERT.
Ramakrishna T: If you want to read that sentence, but I think it's a good… Exercise you'll get.
Nitin Srivastava: Rama, I have posted on chat.
Nitin Srivastava: Please join the group.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah.
Ramakrishna T: Which group is… what is the group name? AgentK, okay?
Gaurav Tiwari: Rama, just one quick question on your, sentence similarity Python code. So, it says, everywhere it's asking to convert to lowercase, right? Why do we do that?
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, that is… they have not implemented, unfortunately. So, that is the bug in the GenSim library, yeah. So, how they are implemented is, we can write a wrapper function, like, probably converting to a lower after, you enter, then, it will work. So, that is not a limitation of our side, but that's how GenSim implemented, actually.
Gaurav Tiwari: Okay.
Gaurav Tiwari: That is the implementation…
Ramakrishna T: from the Gensim have not done properly, I guess.
Ramakrishna T: So, we can write on top of what you wrote, just converting to a lower character than the past to Genshim, that could make sense for us.
Gaurav Tiwari: But that's needed to… for proper, you know, reference of the word when it's searching under the… under the model.
Ramakrishna T: Correct, yeah.
Gaurav Tiwari: Okay.
Ramakrishna T: I don't know how do I add this to group, because,
Ramakrishna T: My link is going to WhatsApp Web, and then next it is not going somewhere.
Prasana Parthasarathi: It says you can't join the group as the invite link was reset.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, for me also, same history here.
Nitin Srivastava: Sweet.
Ramakrishna T: Maybe we need to work.
Abdul Nagur Ali Khan Mohammad: Maybe you can ping your number, and someone else can add you.
Ramakrishna T: I think, Shaquille, you can add it, if required, that's okay.
Ramakrishna T: Shaquille has my number.
Nitin Srivastava: I don't know what is happening. I am sending again. Wait.
Prasana Parthasarathi: This link is working, so yeah, thanks.
Prasana Parthasarathi: Somebody needs to agree and accept the request.
Ramakrishna T: Rama, if you were still there…
Gaurav Tiwari: In Jupyter Notebook, how can we see when we run a piece of code, right? How do we see what background work it's doing? Like, or even in, you know, Colab.
Gaurav Tiwari: Like, the entire piece of code when it's run, can we see what kind of, you know, queries it's running, or what's happening in the background?
Ramakrishna T: In Google Collab?
Gaurav Tiwari: Yeah, that would be also fine.
Ramakrishna T: Hmm…
Gaurav Tiwari: Is there somewhere to open logs, or, you know…
Ramakrishna T: No, you can't have it, please, but, only there, there is a way you can get this is, the… in the…
Ramakrishna T: There will be definitely logs, for sure.
Ramakrishna T: Okay, so let me give you that.
Nitin Srivastava: Okay.
Nitin Srivastava: Whoa.
Nitin Srivastava: Check again in the chat, what's open.
Ramakrishna T: Which one?
Nitin Srivastava: Chat?
Nitin Srivastava: What's approved?
Ramakrishna T: subgroup, okay.
Ramakrishna T: One minute.
Nitin Srivastava: You join?
Ramakrishna T: I'm just a… Joining it. Oh.
Ramakrishna T: I think some problem is there.
Ramakrishna T: Continuing, it's not coming, it should not opening.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, I think, maybe Shaquille may add me, that's okay, yeah.
Ramakrishna T: Between.
Nitin Srivastava: I'm adding it.
Ramakrishna T: I think you're asking… who's asking, actually, this one, so… Someone, they're asking, right?
Ramakrishna T: In the notebook you want to see, right? You're saying?
Ramakrishna T: I don't think we are storing logs here. I think we need to enable, I guess, in the Google Cloud.
Gaurav Tiwari: Where, where… I mean, you're not sharing your screen, Rama.
Gaurav Tiwari: No, no, I'm not sharing, but yeah, I'm just looking at, actually, logs.
Ramakrishna T: I, I don't think we have a…
Ramakrishna T: Runtime logs, somewhere it should… I have seen last time, but right now I'm not able to see. Do you see runtime logs?
Ramakrishna T: Because in the office, right, we don't use a Google Collaborate at all.
Ramakrishna T: This is just for a… Our internal, only for training, teachings, then learning purpose.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, somewhere, in the runtime tab, you might see runtime logs.
Gaurav Tiwari: Yeah, I can see, I can see. But it's like, you know, it's not a live running log, it's like a whole dump of the log on the right side.
Ramakrishna T: Yes, that is the only we have here.
Gaurav Tiwari: Okay.
Ramakrishna T: Okay, so…
Ramakrishna T: we don't see any other logs here. If at all we want to have logs, then we need to install a library called MLflow.
Ramakrishna T: Then we need to configure that into our local store, and then store that log.
Ramakrishna T: So you can customize, but you need to write the code.
Ramakrishna T: Otherwise, default logs is only this one, app.log, you'll get in the runtime.
Ramakrishna T: You got that?
Gaurav Tiwari: Yeah, yeah, got it.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, this is the logs, actually, if someone wants to understand, right? In the runtime.
Ramakrishna T: You see, view runtime Logs.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, here.
Ramakrishna T: So there's a…
Abhinav Singh: what?
Abhinav Singh: Rama, actually, I would like to connect with you, so, like, how we can connect.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, these are the runtime lines. Yeah, I'll, maybe, I think you just reach out to the support groups, or Shaquille, so probably he can help you.
Abhinav Singh: Shaquille, you met usin, Nitin Shiva, or.
Ramakrishna T: No, no, our group, team, Emeritus.
Abhinav Singh: Okay, Shaquille, okay.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah.
Abhinav Singh: Intrick.
Abhinav Singh: Thank you.
Ravi Pitla: For the locks, I think, in the Jupyter, we have an option, to see the lock console by right-clicking
Ravi Pitla: We'll get options in that, we have some, show lock console option.
Ravi Pitla: Yeah, I'm not sure, it gives, the performance.
Ramakrishna T: This one here?
Ravi Pitla: No, no, in the Jupyter notebook. I'm checking it in the Jupyter notebook.
Ravi Pitla: Oh, yeah.
Ramakrishna T: Okay, in the… In the local rate, you're saying?
Ravi Pitla: Here in the local UI.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, local, I know, but he is asking in the collab.
Ravi Pitla: Hold up,
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, but you can write your own log and store here in the section, that's what Gaurav I am trying to say, right? You can create a… just a, some new file here, there's a file, right? So then you can create, and then store all the logs. That is fine. In the code, you can write.
Ramakrishna T: That is how we usually do.
Ramakrishna T: In the real time. You can save that logs in some other, Databricks environment, or maybe in the S3 bucket, wherever.
Gaurav Tiwari: Yeah, that's a little advanced for me, but I just wanted to see, you know, when we run the code, what happens? Where is it querying? That kind of stuff. But this is also okay for now.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah, yeah, okay.
Ravi Pitla: Yeah, I think, yeah, runtime locks are there in the pool, yeah.
Ramakrishna T: Yeah.
Ramakrishna T: use, I think, use your collab, heavily, and then try to experiment with, like,
Ramakrishna T: Different, transformer models.
Ramakrishna T: See, how do you use the different transform models, like, get a feel of, like, you know, now we try with the Almini LM, then try with any other model from Hugging Fist, copy it, and then download, just, change that to ALL Mini LM to the different model, then try with different encoder models, right? And then you see better performing then.
Ramakrishna T: So, last time we've seen that, that,
Ramakrishna T: These two sentences are not clearly differentiating.
Ramakrishna T: So now, with the latest models, we can be able to differentiate.
Ramakrishna T: Okay, so that's all. I think tomorrow I will walk you through the aging phase on task on me, then we will cover the next tomorrow's topic as well. Thank you so much, guys.
Nitin Srivastava: Thank you, thank you, Ramo.
Gaurav Tiwari: phenomenal.
Abhinav Singh: Thank you, Ron, thank you, Ron.
Abdul Nagur Ali Khan Mohammad: Thank you, thanks so much.
Abhinav Singh: Shaquille available, or Shaquille left?
Abhinav Singh: I think… From ML test team, is anyone available?
Tech Certs Support: Hi, Abhinav. Check on this side.
Abhinav Singh: Hi, Shaquille. So, Shaquille, how I can connect with Rama? I want to have a connect with him.
Abhinav Singh: So, for a session…
Tech Certs Support: I've… yeah, yeah, sure. I'll have a discussion with Ramakrishna on this, and then mostly by next week, we'll do that.
Abhinav Singh: Okay, fine, yeah, thank you.
Tech Certs Support: Okay.
Abhinav Singh: Is it, is it any, contact with, where I can contact you directly?
Tech Certs Support: I'll call you, don't worry. First, we have to check his schedule, then I'll call you.
Tech Certs Support: And then, based on the schedule, we can arrange it, don't worry.
Abhinav Singh: Okay, fine, thank you.
Abdul Nagur Ali Khan Mohammad: Raquil, are you also part of this WhatsApp group?
Tech Certs Support: Well not.
Tech Certs Support: That's the unofficial group among yourselves, so we are not in there.
Abdul Nagur Ali Khan Mohammad: Oh, okay, okay, sure, sure. Okay, okay, yeah, sure. Thank you. Thanks, thanks, brother.